 Frontend Engineer Job Number: 57482711 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Looking for an enthusiastic frontend engineer, who is experienced in developing rich web experiences to work on crafting user experiences that support some of Apple’s most impactful teams and products. Key Qualifications Experience developing, testing and maintaining rich web experiences with UIs that address deep domains with high volumes of data. Experience bringing an impactful feature or experience to fruition by collaborating with diverse teams. Experience migrating a living and complex legacy codebase towards a more maintainable and modern stack. Expert in Javascript, HTML and CSS and at least one UI library/framework (e.g. Angular, React). Avid learner who follows or participates in dev community events and content. Possesses great synthesis and communication skills. Bonus points for: Experience with charting libraries such as D3.js. Experience implementing elaborate data flows using Redux or another flux inspired data flow library. Proficient in using side effect libraries such as redux saga and redux observables. Experience interpreting UX research findings and user analytics to design better, data driven experiences. Experience with reactive programming. Familiar with tooling such as Webpack and NPM. Impactful contributions to open source projects. Description In this role you will be working on a web application that enables other teams within Apple such as iTunes, iCloud and Siri to view and monitor their projects’ behavior and performance in realtime. You will be exposed to a large domain where you will be taking part in synthesizing complex workflows to produce experiences that help users visualize, understand and manage multiple dimensions of data. To accomplish this, you will be expected to efficiently collaborate and communicate with large and diverse teams and take part in the ownership of the user experience design, implementation and maintenance. This will involve producing and challenging wireframes and user-flows, implementing them with test-covered code, and slowly evolving the codebase alongside community advancements. The position is full-time and onsite in Santa Clara Valley. Education BA / BS in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Additional Requirements N/A 