 Software QA Engineer Job Number: 57596443 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The iOS Systems QA Team is looking for a creative and motivated QA Engineer with excellent problem solving and communication skills. Quality is an important aspect of our products; as a System QA Engineer, you will have a significant impact on helping to deliver functional and stable products to millions of customers in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will have 3+ years of SQA or System Test experience on consumer-facing hardware/software products, excellent attention to detail and problem solving skills, communication and interpersonal skills, and a passion for quality. Key Qualifications 3+ years of SQA or System Test experience, preferably on consumer-facing hardware/software products. Experience with hardware development lifecycle processes. Experience testing consumer electronics and/or mobile devices. Demonstrated ability to own a complete functional area of an application or product. Demonstrated QA skills with at least two complete product cycles, from concept to customer shipment. Understanding of SQA methodologies &amp; practices. Ability to solve difficult problems with innovative and maintainable solutions. Ability to work with cross-functional and remote teams. Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience. Experience with defect tracking systems and authoring, tracking, and verifying defect reports. Experience in automation using scripting or other languages (Python, JavaScript, Ruby, Objective-C, Swift, C++, etc.). Must be detail-oriented and strive for product excellence. Nice to have: In-depth understanding of iOS, macOS, or Unix. Understanding of electronic assembly or manufacturing processes. Experience working with contract manufacturing firms. Description -Review and test hardware and software features of multiple products. -Execute a variety of hands-on/manual and automated tests. -Create, modify, and execute tests for hardware and software validation at the system level. -Write test plans and other test documentation as required. -Use existing automation frameworks and tools to create and execute new tests or test areas. -Isolate and report defects, quantify impact, and verify fixes through regression testing and other test methodologies. -Work closely with development teams to identify and understand key hardware and software features and underlying functionality. -Analyze data from test results; generate reports from that data. -Work cross-functionally with other test teams, developers, and project managers. -Be a vocal proponent for quality internally and externally. -Report status on a regular basis. Education BS EE/CE/CS or equivalent (MS preferred) 