 Siri Data Secrecy Engineering Manager Job Number: 113140110 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In Siri’s Operations group, data privacy and data security is held at a very high standard. We are looking for innovative managers to take on the role in taking data secrecy to the next level and build an automation platform to monitor, track, and block data access using machine learned approaches. This platform will be built as an agnostic solution and will help Siri further protect any sensitive data we collect. Key Qualifications 5+ years managing an engineering team Industry experience at large scale companies Able to provide regular updates to organizational groups as well as VP level management Drive multiple priorities across numerous teams to support project efforts Experience in system design/architecture and implementation Strong understanding of big data platforms and methodologies of data consumption Description The Siri Data Secrecy Engineering team has a challenging effort ahead in order to build a scalable platform to protect sensitive data. The work executed by this team will re-enforce Apple’s focus on customer privacy and our mission to protect our customers. This project focus will set a new standard of how to detect improper data consuming methods and enable growth of Siri’s need for protected, yet robust data sets to improve our speech and NL models. A successful candidate will have experience system design and architecture as well as a strong ability to manage a team with similar skill sets. - Design and implement data secrecy platform to be used alongside our big data stack - Define metrics and alerting mechanisms to measure success/failure - Build new team of engineers to develop and maintain the platform - Partner with consumer teams to understand business requirements - Utilize machine learning techniques to adapt to usage patterns of our systems Education B.S. degree in Computer Science and 3+ years of experience or equivalent. Additional Requirements (Nice to have items) Knowledge of core Linux fundamentals Scripting skills (Python, Bash, Ruby, etc.) Experience with compute containerization (i.e. - Mesos, Docker, schedulers) 