 Software Quality Assurance Engineer Job Number: 113128066 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Music Apps team is looking for an experienced QA engineer to work as part of our expanding applications quality assurance group. Key Qualifications Experience testing mobile applications on iOS and Android devices. Experience on OS X and Windows based platforms. Experience testing cloud based client/server technologies. Music and/or audio mobile apps experience. Experience with automation test tools and techniques. Must have a working knowledge of SQA methodologies and practices. Proven bug detection and regression skills. Ability to work closely with a large team of testers &amp; developers. Experience reporting and tracking bugs &amp; third-party issues. Extensive use of QA tools and networking tools. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Comfortable and adaptable in a fast-paced and informal environment. Ability to work cross-functionally with other teams to organize testing responsibilities. Ability to lead projects and contribute as part of a team. Description You will be joining a team dedicated to delivering the best in class music experience for our customers. Your main focus will be ensuring the quality of our music applications as well as interoperability with the entire Apple Music ecosystem. You will be responsible for defining test approaches and plans for assigned functional areas, expanding our current test cases and executing required tests. You will own complete functional areas and must be able to define qualification strategies, as well as execute functionality, compatibility, integration and reliability testing for applications that are part of a complex mobile, desktop and cloud client/server ecosystem. The ideal candidate will be a self-motivated, dynamic and detail oriented individual with a strong technical background and excellent black box testing skills. In addition, this position requires an individual able to contribute in a fast paced team environment with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements Experience on iOS, macOS, tvOS and Android platforms. Strong iOS/macOS and/or Windows knowledge base. Experience with syncing data across applications/platforms. Knowledge of media file formats. Experience setting up networks and using network debugging tools. Experience with automation test tools and techniques. Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 