 Shipping Specialist Job Number: 113156951 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Supports outgoing shipping activities in Santa Clara Valley. Follows strict procedures for handling outgoing international and domestic shipments while effectively managing large volumes of material in a fast-paced environment. Interacts with customers and colleagues to provide high-touch customer service. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience with international shipping Expert knowledge in international shipping and trade compliance regulations. Must have fluency with the following: Web-based shipping software of all major carriers: FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc. Shipping documentation: commercial invoices and packing lists Trade compliance regulations and codes: ECCNs, Schedule B/HTS, License Codes, Denied Party Screening and EEI Filings Strong computer skills, including proficiency with the following: Scheduling or calendar software Logistics tracking software, experience with BearTracks is a plus Database software, experience with FileMaker Pro is a plus Numbers or Excel, and Pages or Word Exceptional attention to detail Innovative, with a desire for continual process improvement Excellent customer service skills Effective organizational, communication, interpersonal and time management skills Ability to perform the following types of physical activities: Lift up to 50 pounds, Push/pull to move equipment, Bend/stoop/squat/kneel, and Reach above shoulders Must be comfortable working in a warehouse environment Description •Processes outgoing international and domestic shipments using Apple’s web-based shipping tool. •Checks details of shipments and communicates with customers to ensure accuracy of information and shipping requirements. •Coordinates closely with Trade Compliance team to resolve questions. •Accurately inputs shipping information into carrier websites, and coordinates pick-up times. •Creates documents and shipping labels, submits filings, tracks shipments and updates Apple’s web-based shipping tool. •Proactively communicates with staff and customers. Quickly responds to emails, texts and phone calls in order to provide a high standard of service to customers and colleagues. Quickly resolves shipping issues as they arise. •Works well under pressure and maintains self-composure and integrity. Exercises good judgement. •Acts as a great team player. Remains open to performing in all Shipping, Receiving &amp; Mail Services roles and learns new skills. •Ensures shipping supplies are well stocked. •Maintains a clean and safe work area. •Remains flexible and prepared for changes to the schedule, including working early mornings, evenings or weekends. •Remains current on trade compliance regulations and changes in the shipping world. Education Bachelor Degree (preferred) or equivalent work experience 