 iTunes Tax Analyst Job Number: 113130861 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Job Summary Join the Apple Finance organization and make a positive impact on a company that is known for its impressive lineup of products, including Mac, iPod, iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch and Apple Music.. At Apple, you’ll share in a commitment to excellence by partnering with world-class managers, all with one unified vision-creating innovative products that delight customers. Finance is about “fueling innovation.” We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity, personal accountability, teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. If you exemplify our values and want to be part of something big, contact us today. Based in Austin, Texas, we are seeking an iTunes Tax Analyst to support the Tax group as a part of the Americas Global Finance Shared Services team (GFSS), which primarily includes the U.S. and Canada. Primary responsibilities include supporting iTunes audits, compliance and tax projects to assist the company in scaling for growth while maintaining tax compliance integrity; secondary responsibilities include maintenance of iTunes tax exemption documentation. This position will also advise and collaborate heavily with all other contacts responsible for the Americas transaction tax audits, compliance and controls. Key Qualifications 3+ years experience in tax, preferably in a multinational corporate tax environment or a combination of experience within a corporate tax environment and a public accounting or consulting firm or other relevant experience Ability to be highly technical with respect to gaining an understanding of the functionality of various systems Strong working knowledge of SAP, order management, Vertex, CertCapture and advanced Excel skills Ability to prioritize and manage multiple deliverables with competing timelines Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to work well in ambiguity Self-starter with ability to work quickly and efficiently to meet established service level agreements Exceptional communication skills (written, verbal and presentation) High level of ethics, integrity, judgment, discretion and confidentiality Strong customer service orientation Prefer experience in a technology company with a strong retail emphasis Prefer experience with sales/use tax Description • Collaborating with and providing support to the Tax Audit Team for sales &amp; use tax and unclaimed property audits. This will include running reports, gathering documentation and performing needed research • Collaborating with Business Analysts and the iTunes Team to provide support for iTunes business projects. This will include research, system testing and successful project implementation • Collaborating with and providing support to the Tax Compliance Team to ensure monthly tax returns are prepared and filed timely. This will include data collection, data importing, reconciliations, reporting and timely filing • Proactively identifying valid tax exemption certificates and clearly communicating requirements to customers • Monitoring and successfully resolving customer requests for tax exemption via various tools • Working closely with CertCapture SME to update and maintain tax exemption certificates in CertCapture for iTunes business partners • Assisting with tax related projects as needed Education • Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or business (or strongly equivalent experience in multinational company) 