 Senior Hardware System Engineer Job Number: 51671676 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are seeking an outgoing, enthusiastic electrical engineer for the Hardware Systems Integration Team. This is a design position that entails owning electrical engineering decisions and implementations at the product-level. While we don’t design all parts of the system, we do own the top-level design. We use it to maintain context as we guide internal teams toward designs that we will integrate into a highly complex, interdependent system. The ideal candidate is someone with significant electrical system integration experience who’s eager for more emphasis on cross-functional leadership opportunities than board-level design work. Still, the ability to dive deep into technical issues to identify solutions and keep other teams moving is crucial to success in this role. Developing strong credibility and rapport with other engineering and non-technical teams is also a must. In addition to design work, our team serves as liaisons for all electrical aspects of the products we develop. You should be comfortable presenting technical content and understanding how to tailor the narrative based on your audience and desired outcome. Key Qualifications Qualifications: BSEE, MSEE preferred 5+ years overall experience Product-level electrical integration experience Superior written, verbal, and visual communication skills Great EE fundamentals including PCB design and embedded system experience Understanding of mechanical design and software development processes in order to approach problems from their perspective and anticipate their needs Experience designing high volume and/or high reliability products from beginning to end; leveraging contract manufacturers Experience with power delivery, signal integrity, cabling, and interconnect Hierarchical design modeling [Matlab, Simulink, SysML, Python, Perl] Design of experiments creation, execution, and data analysis Description Core Responsibilities: Own top-level EE aspects of a highly integrated, interdependent system Capture customer requirements and translate them into engineering requirements Maintain the system schematic, block diagram, and interconnect plan Evangelize our hardware bug tracking and development processes Plan functional validation Lead investigations and develop mitigation strategies when necessary Manage suppliers and manufacturing partners Prototype bring-up and debugging, functional verification, and manufacturing support Education BSEE, MSEE preferred 