 3D Art Director / Sr Artist Job Number: 83699849 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion for producing prototypes to aid in the proof of concept of ideas and there's no telling what you could accomplish. We are looking for a self starting, energetic individual who will collaborate with Senior 3D Artists, Developers, and Designers to create new user experiences that surprise and delight. Key Qualifications Work with the design leadership, design team, artists, and developers to deliver level designs that epitomize the creative vision of the product. You will be expected to own level designs from conception to the final stages of polish, facilitating communication and coordinating departments to ensure the vision is clearly understood. Proactively seek out opportunities to identify and deal with issues before they arise. Ability to self-critique and accept outside critique. The more feedback you receive, the more you can tailor your work towards what is best for the product. Demonstrate a willingness to keep an open mind to coworker’s ideas, incorporating suggestions when applicable. Description The Maps team is seeking a strong 3D Level Designer to help improve how users view and navigate the world. This person will be primarily focused on helping with various products, features and experiences in 3D. Tasks would include delivering level designs that epitomize the creative vision of the product. This role involves collaboration with cross functional groups such as data collection, engineering, and UX Design. Education BS or MS in Graphic Design/Media Arts/Computer Graphics/Other with a minimum of 3-5 years experience working in creative/R&amp;D environments Additional Requirements At least 5 years’ experience in the games industry working in a level design capacity, shipping at least one title. Experience working with a game engine, using scripting tools to orchestrate events, and implementing 3D work into the pipeline. Experience in rapid prototyping to test feasibility of concepts. Must be a TEAM player with excellent communication, negotiation, and presentation/teaching skills Open to creative feedback, and bringing creative solutions to the table Highly organized and motivated with a deep desire to prove themselves within a company of talented individuals Self-motivated, creative and optimistic problem solver; solid time management Experience developing Mobile and Tablet applications or games Ability to learn and master new tools and techniques Sample work (Portfolio) that demonstrates superior game design sensibilities. 