 Sr. Engineering Program Manager - Maps Maintenance Job Number: 113201931 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In a mobile world, knowledge of the physical world around you is key. People rely on this knowledge to get around, to learn about their environment and to enable spectacular new features for custom applications. The Apple Maps team is looking for an experienced Sr. project manager with excellent communication skills, a critical thinker, strong problem solving skills and track record of collaborating well with others. The successful candidate will possess the project management and technical skills necessary to work closely with the product, engineering and evaluation teams during all phases of the Maps maintenance process. This is a great opportunity for a project manager who is excited about maps technology and wants to help drive and deliver Apple Maps to millions of iOS and Mac OS X users. Key Qualifications At least 7-10 years of project management experience working hands-on with software engineering development. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills. Experience with the software development process. Ability to organize and participate in requirement and process brainstorming sessions. Experience managing large, complex projects - experience managing multiple projects at once is a plus. Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities. Experience in map-based, location-based services or maps data is a plus. Excellent leadership skills that enhance project team effectiveness. Description The Maps team is looking for project managers who can thrive in a fast-paced workplace where both individual drive and team collaboration are the keys to success. The group is interested in people who can be more than schedule jockeys and note-takers… Maps project managers focus on the complete cross-functional end to end view of the project, all aspects of the software development process starting with requirements analysis, architectural design, software engineering development, QA, and deployment readiness. The ideal candidate can act as a full partner with each of these teams and drive the execution of features and systems on which they work. A firm grasp of project management is essential to this position. The Maps project manager focuses on large and complex data driven systems and acts not only in the best interest of the projects under their care, but are expected to always keep in mind what is best for the group, the organization and the company. As a Maps project manager, you will facilitate resolution of conflicts between equally passionate groups in light of these perspectives and pursue the solution until its end. A system of this scope is complex, so you will not only be expected to be able to readily understand complicated systems and subtle interdependencies, but also to evaluate new requests and new information in the light of how it affects or is affected by those systems. Being able to think on your feet is critical, as is the ability to productively debate the validity of a given approach to any aspect of a project under your control. Strong interpersonal and communication skills are must-haves for any candidate. Being a self-starter with a strong sense of personal responsibility and ownership is also important as the team is looking for the kind of person who can dive right into a problem and get it taken care of without having to be asked to do so. Remember, you will be helping to care for a system that serves the passions and needs of many million customers, so we're looking for somebody who can be equally passionate. Education BS or Equivalent 