 Software Engineer, Siri ML Job Number: 57161314 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language team at Apple. Key Qualifications Strong programming and software engineering skills (Java, C++, Scala, Python or equivalent) Expertise in various facets of machine learning and natural language processing, such as classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling and ranking Prior experience with applying Big Data (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive and/or Pig, Spark) tools to large quantities of textual data is a plus Hard working, self-starter, proven ability to manage multiple projects to strict deadlines. Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of engineers Description The goal of the Siri Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced statistical techniques. Engineers in this team work on a wide spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. You would work on core machine learning algorithms and models that are part of Siri’s ability to understand and respond to requests. You would also work on building scalable distributed systems to deliver these models to Siri’s users. You should be passionate about creating phenomenal products. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is a unique opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of machine learning and software. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science or equivalent Masters or Phd preferred Additional Requirements Natural Language and Machine Learning experience is a plus Bilingual or multilingual preferred. Japanese, Mandarin, English, Etc… 