 Security Engineering Manager — OS Security Job Number: 83551407 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Embedded within Apple’s Security Engineering &amp; Architecture organization, the OS Security team’s mission is to protect the integrity of our devices and gate access to user data at runtime from code gone rogue, by designing world-class containment mechanisms and deploying them throughout our operating systems. At the heart of an organization dedicated to building the most secure operating system in the world and putting it in the hands of millions of customers, the team is looking for a motivated leader to help push its technologies to the next level. You will manage a team that provides operating system security foundations across all of Apple’s innovative products, including Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. You will contribute to the entire system, from the kernel up through libraries, frameworks, and applications. As a technology owner, you will have the opportunity to majorly impact the design and implementation of Apple’s embedded and desktop operating system products, collaborating closely with all other security stakeholders, ranging from our Silicon Engineering group to our Cloud Services group. Successful candidates will be generalists capable of tackling challenging wide-ranging engineering problems anywhere in the software stack, determining the appropriate compromise between several often competing factors such as ease of use, performance, and of course security. Our environment fosters product innovation, rapid product iteration, and a liberating amount of autonomy in which you will be expected to create and quickly bring to market new security methods and technologies to address the complex needs of mobile and distributed computing. The position also has a strong cross-functional aspect that will require you to interact with and influence many people from several organizations within and outside the company. Designing and developing software for hundreds of millions of users. People who LOVE the products you make. Working for a company whose commitment to user privacy is at the heart of everything it does. Being surrounded by the most creative, passionate, talented engineers in the industry. Constantly being challenged to go beyond the norm to find new, innovative ways of solving problems and to make software safer, easier, and more fun to use. Not many jobs can offer all of these things. Software Engineering jobs at Apple do, and much more. Key Qualifications A genuine passion for creating effective and pragmatic security technologies in the operating systems arena. Understanding of past, current, and emerging security exploits. Excellent C and systems programming skills. Strong understanding of operating systems internals. Industry exposure to and knowledge of OS security and applied cryptography. Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules. Working cross-functionally with other software, hardware, marketing, and support teams to provide the best security solutions for Apple’s products. Excellent teamwork skills. We work with all engineering teams involved in these products, and on all of their code. Description Lead a team of software engineers focused on security and help define the security properties and architecture for the next-generation operating system. Design and implement new approaches to system integrity, sandboxing, audit, and malware mitigation to help protect our customers while enabling Apple to develop one of the richest platforms on the market. Come up with new and innovative ways of increasing security and privacy while preserving ease-of-use and increasing the quality of the user experience. Work cooperatively with other parts of Apple on cross-functional technologies and initiatives to enhance security. Evangelize and drive the adoption of these technologies across the organization. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience/skills Additional Requirements Preferred Experience: Management of a software engineering team iPhone OS and Mac OS X exposure (end user, administrator, developer) Kernel programming Hypervisor design and architecture Involvement in open source technologies and development communities such as FreeBSD and Linux 