 Camera &amp; Photos - CVML Deep Learning Research Engineer Job Number: 53890108 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. The seamless integration of software and hardware has led to features like Memories and Portrait Mode which deliver experiences that are magical. The Camera &amp; Photos team focuses on user-experience by leveraging computer vision and image processing through machine learning. Our team works hard on products that ship to millions of people. We are looking for people who want to do the same. The Imaging &amp; Vision Technologies Team at Apple is responsible for imaging, computer vision and machine learning for Apple's image and video products and technology. This includes technology for OS X and iOS system frameworks, and for applications such as Photos. Our team combines research and development in a fast-paced and exciting environment to create complex and interesting technology that can be leveraged across all of Apple. Key Qualifications You will have a track record and strong background in computer vision and machine learning. You possess a deep understanding of the algorithms used in this domain and are up-to-date with the latest developments in computer vision and machine learning both in academia and in industry (e.g. deep learning). You are aware of the challenges associated with the transition of a prototype into a final product. You can exhibit your strong analytical and problem solving skills with the capability of thinking out of the box and seeing around corners. You can show us that you can operate successfully in both applied research and development. A successful engineer on our team is required to have strong coding skills in C, C++ and possibly Python. Basic knowledge of Objective-C is desirable. Experience with OS X and iOS development tools and familiarity with GPU programming is a plus. You should be able to write clean, efficient and optimized code and to deliver an implementation that matches the standards required in a complex production environment. You should also be familiar with the challenges of developing algorithms that must run efficiently on resource constrained platforms. Our ideal candidate can show excellent written and verbal communications skills, is comfortable presenting his/her research to large audiences, and has the ability to work hands-on in cross functional teams. You will thrive in a fast paced environment, and be able to execute on the tasks assigned, and, at the same time, to explore independently new innovative ideas in the field of computer vision and machine learning that can improve and transform the product experience of Apple customers. You will be able to explore and deliver computer vision technologies compliant with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigor, innovation and respect of the privacy. You should be motivated and intent upon making the best products on Earth. Description If you have a proven experience researching and developing solutions for unique machine learning and computer vision applications, and have experience applying deep-learning principals to those solutions, then we may have the job for you. We are looking for a computer vision/machine learning research and development engineer. The position involves research level work focused on algorithm implementation and tuning. A research engineer on our team will be working on challenging problems in computer vision and machine learning that will have a direct impact on the experience of millions of users. The main tasks associated to this position range from algorithm design and implementation, to benchmarking, prototyping and integrating the technology into the next generation of products for both mobile and the desktop platforms. Education M.S. or Phd in Electrical Engineering/Computer Science or a related field (mathematics, physics or computer engineering), with a focus on computer vision and/or machine learning. Additional Requirements Experience in industry is a plus. Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 