 Senior GNSS Software Engineer (Location team) Job Number: 113188387 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Senior engineer developing new GNSS measurement related algorithms and software on iOS and WatchOS. Analyze and improve upon GNSS receiver performance at the measurement level, and work cross-functionally to improve the location experience for our customers. Shape the next generation of location-aware mobile experiences by working on state-of-the-art technologies to seamlessly integrate people’s digital and physical lives. If you're passionate about building technology that will make a difference, we may be the team for you. Key Qualifications Strong software development experiences and excellence in C++ Significant experience and knowledge in software design paradigms and software development best practices Experience and knowledge in signal processing techniques for GNSS - code/carrier tracking, C/N0 estimation, acquisition and peak estimation Experience in the construction and use of GNSS observables - code phase, Doppler from code and carrier tracking, carrier phase tracking, navigation bit decoding Experience working with signals from GNSS constellations - GPS (L1/L5), Galileo (E1/E5), Glonass, Beidou Experience with the effects of mobile device oscillators on GNSS measurements Familiarity with satellite orbital models used in GNSS positioning Familiarity with PVT estimation techniques and their impact on measurement tracking and acquisition Familiarity with positioning assistance data available on connected mobile devices - extended ephemeris, position aiding, time aiding Knows how to debug complex systems A passion for building things, programming, and would do it anyway even if not for work iOS, OS X, application, and/or unix system development a plus Description Join a team which designs, implements, and powers brand new technologies and services on the world's fastest-growing mobile development platform. We are looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer with a strong background in GNSS signal processing and passion for software development, algorithms, and new technologies. Invent and design systems to solve interesting problems in GNSS, WiFi/Cell based location services, indoor positioning, iBeacon, location based reminders, inertial sensor fusion, dead-reckoning, crowd-sourced analytics, and other location related technologies. Education Minimum requirements: MS or PhD in relevant field and at least 8 years of equivalent experience. Additional Requirements Interested in creating new technologies and solving the algorithmic challenges that come with it. Desire to be exposed to all aspects of development; prototyping, planning, designing, productizing, launching, and scaling. Thrive in a collaborative environment and communicate effectively. Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways. Laser-focused on the smallest details that are meaningful to our customers. 