 Release Project Manager - Apple Online Store Job Number: 83875279 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Online Store Project Management team is looking for an experienced Release Project Manager to join our organization. The key deliverables for this role are to closely manage the execution of the AOS portfolio across all online store releases, report on the overall health and status of the portfolio and build out a ‘release management’ center of excellence. The ideal candidate will be self-directed, motivated, very detail-oriented and comfortable working in a fast-paced, complex and matrixed environment. This individual should have very strong coordination, communication and organizational skills to handle a variety of activities and complexities spanning the organization. Key Qualifications 10-15+ years of project management experience ideally in an eCommerce and omni-channel environment Prior ‘release management’ experience managing a digital portfolio Project and portfolio management experience overseeing multi-million dollar initiatives Excellent organizational skills, ability to prioritize tasks and manage time efficiently Exceptional communication and facilitation skills Strong team player with a high degree of flexibility Excellent oral and written communication skills Description Manage a digital portfolio of projects tracking and sequencing key project milestones and identifying and managing project interdependencies. Oversee all online store releases from a business perspective including balancing features/initiatives across releases. Track and monitor projects in each online store release and monitor if any key changes put the release date at risk; drive and facilitate issue resolution as needed. Develop and implement a release management process that ensures a flawless release from the business side. Work closely with engineering to optimize delivery of projects within the program portfolio; identify gaps and partnering opportunities. Responsible for developing and instituting governance and processes that ensure the health of each release from a business perspective including continuously improving project management methodologies, templates and tools. Manage the weekly and monthly portfolio status reporting ensuring that key stakeholders are aware of the health of the portfolio and any key actions required. Create and manage a portfolio dashboard, which outlines both the projects currently underway and those in the backlog, with their priority according to the overall business objectives. Education BA/BS required PMI certification desired 