 Buzz Squeak Rattle Engineer - Noise and Vibration Job Number: 113144055 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary I know my workday will be fast-paced and challenging and that my communication, creativity, and problem-solving skills will help improve products loved by millions of customers around the world. I have an opening on my team for someone who shares my passion for building amazing products. Are you interested? Apple’s Noise &amp; Vibration Team designs, validates, and solves problems in our hardware products to minimize audible noise and optimize sound quality. We are a diverse team of experienced engineers, sensitive listeners, and creative problem solvers. We work daily with multi-functional teams to discover innovative solutions to very complex engineering challenges. We are searching for a N&amp;V Buzz/Squeak/Rattle (BSR) Engineer to join our team of dedicated and passionate engineers. Key Qualifications You have considerable knowledge of acoustics and vibration principles, with 5+ years of experience in the noise/vibration field; understanding of forced excitation, both transient and steady-state, and how motion of mechanical systems turns into radiated noise. You have acoustic and vibration measurement skills, are fluent in data analysis methodology, and have experience making measurements in anechoic/hemi-anechoic chambers. An accomplished listener with excellent hearing over the audible frequency range. You're a creative problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced multi-tasking environment. Familiar with Matlab or other flexible data analysis software in addition to traditional N&amp;V analysis software. Have worked with statistics and statistical analysis methods. Experienced in using precision-grade instrumentation for ultra low-noise measurements. Have a history of developing high-volume consumer electronics. You have knowledge in electro-magnetic actuators Description You will author SOPs, test plans, and specifications. You'll craft sound quality metrics to describe buzzes, squeaks, and rattles (among others); facilitate user studies and subjective evaluations to establish acceptability thresholds and discover key attributes driving user perception of noise; and set sound quality targets in lab and manufacturing environments. You will perform validation testing to these targets, analyzing data sets and communicating results to both technical and non-technical team members. You'll use your findings from vibration and acoustic testing to discover the root cause of offensive noises. On occasion, you will travel to our partner facilities overseas. Education Most of our engineers have advanced degrees in Acoustics or equivalent field, but if you’ve followed a different path to expertise in acoustics, vibration, noise control, or sound quality, that’s fine too. 