 Siri iOS Engineer, Workflow Job Number: 113155684 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri iOS Workflow team at Apple. The Siri iOS Workflow team is looking for exceptional software engineers passionate about delighting customer’s experience, by producing cutting edge applications and technologies. Key Qualifications Exceptional experience building applications in Objective-C or Swift Knowledge of Apple’s development APIs (UIKit, Foundation, Core Animation) Experience creating complex and performant user interfaces with UIKit Familiarity with essential tools (Xcode, lldb, Instruments) Outstanding communication and presentation skills Strong API design knowledge Description You will primarily be responsible for implementing new features within a newly formed team. To succeed in this role, you must be a strong programmer and a creative problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment, working across teams and organizations. You love building an elegant user experience and are passionate about improving productivity on mobile devices. You enjoy learning new things and creating life-changing applications. You are excited about developing new features, as well as maintaining existing code, fixing bugs, and contributing to overall system design. You care deeply about software architecture and writing code that is robust and maintainable for the future. You take the extra step to run your projects through Instruments and fine-tune performance to deliver the best experience to users. You know it’s all in the details. Education B.S or M.S in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent practical experience Additional Requirements Strong API design knowledge Experience with speech interfaces, ideal 