 Product Manager, Retail Interactive Technology Job Number: 112960924 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Retail Stores are the fastest growing stores in the world. The Corporate Team supports almost 500 Apple Retail Store locations around the world. They are responsible for furthering the excellence and innovation of our stores by creating strategies, initiatives, and technologies that are only possible at Apple. The Retail Product Team resides at the intersection of Retail, Technology and Design to deliver the best customer experience in the world. This team is specifically responsible for the technology that customers and Apple teams interact with in our Retail stores. Partnering closest with Engineering, Merchandising, Digital, and Marketing teams across Apple, the Product Manager will architect and build technology solutions that ultimately serve to enhance the customer experience and achieve the needs of the business. This person will manage the roadmap and feature set for these technologies and will lead the rollout and ongoing use of it. The ideal candidate will have a passion for innovation, and how to use technology to enhance the Retail customer experience. This person should have a vision for interactive experiences in Retail, proven success in product management, cross-functional leadership, and communication to all levels in an organization. Key Qualifications 5+ years of product management preferred Experience planning, managing, and delivering short (1-3 months), medium (6-8 month) and large (8-12+ month) projects Demonstrated strength in identifying business problems Understanding of various technologies and how they can solve business and customer problems Understanding of product design, dependencies, and tradeoffs Proven ability to drive initiatives consistently and positively in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated experience influencing business partners at all levels Outstanding attention to detail and drive for results Description Work with teams across Apple to identify/ define business problems and design solutions Create and manage product strategy and roadmap development Key leader/decision-maker in cross-functional product and feature teams, both formal and informal, to ensure that proposed solutions meet the customer and business needs Solicit input and partner with stakeholders and interested teams across Apple Present concepts for review and approval to executive audiences Incorporate sources of internal, store, and market data to influence and drive decisions Drive project and product development schedules through to completion and deployment 