 Sr. Physical Design Engineer Job Number: 30146551 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Aug. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, you will be responsible for implementing complete chip design from netlist to tapeout. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 5-10 years of hands on experience in physical design and large chip integration. Needs to be familiar with all aspects of ASIC integration including Floorplanning, Clock and Power distribution, global signal planning, I/O planning and hard IP integration. Familiar with typical SoC issues such as multiple voltage and clock domains, ESD strategies, mixed signal block integration, and package interactions. Familiar with hierarchical design approach, top-down design, budgeting, timing and physical convergence. Must have experience on integrating IP from both internal and external vendors and be able to specify and drive IP requirements in the physical domain Experience with large SoC designs (&gt;20M gates) with frequencies in excess of 1GHz utilizing state of the art sub 45nm technologies. A detailed understanding of database management issues will be required From a CAD tool perspective, experience with Floorplanning tools, P&amp;R flows, global timing verification and Physical Design Verification Flows is required. Familiar with various process related design issues including Design for Yield and Manufacturability, multi Vt strategies and thermal Mgt. Description •Work with FE team to understand chip architecture and drive physical aspects early in design cycle. •Work with physical design team, drive methodologies and “best known methods” to streamline physical design work, come up with guidelines and checklists, drive execution, and track progress. •Be focal point for place and route drive the work among place and route engineers, set goals and milestones, plan short and long-term work, understand dependencies between different domains like top, STA, block place and route. •Resolve design and flow issues related to physical design, identify potential solutions and drive execution. Education BS/MS CE or EE. 