 Software Engineer Job Number: 113157214 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience supporting infrastructure in a high volume of customer-facing environment. Highly knowledgeable with scripting skills in Python, Perl, Unix etc. Development experience in Java. Strong DevOps experience required. Experience on any of NoSQL data store such as Cassandra, Redis or foundation db is a plus. Configuration management experience with automation tools such as Puppet, Chef, or Salt. Exposure to logging infrastructure and tools such as Splunk, Kibana. Background in building of a large infrastructure supporting a high volume of transactions in a mission critical environment. Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively across multiple business and technical teams. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, tight deadline delivery timeline. Demonstrated ability to deliver results on time with high quality. Aptitude to independently learn new technologies. Strong analytical/troubleshooting skills . Description Responsibilities will include: Do you like the idea of running global services that are used by millions of passionate people all over the world? Do you enjoy working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Do you like changing the game? Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. We are looking to hire outstanding individuals to join our team of Site Reliability Engineers. Build and run the platform that delivers Apple’s services to all of its customers around the world. Help us build the Apple experience on a global scale. Building Apple's next generation of infrastructure Platform. Administration of production, QA and development NoSQL infrastructure. NoSQL Database infrastructure setup, configuration, upgrading/patching, monitoring, and troubleshooting. Work with developers in building Relational and Non-Relational data models on NoSQL database technologies. Build automation scripts for NoSQL infrastructure. Measurement and optimization of system performance. Capacity planning and forecast management. Deployment, support and monitoring of new platforms and application stacks. Participate in new technology evaluation, design and development of highly scalable distributed databases. Position requires 24x7 on-call support rotation with other team members. Explore and evaluate new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward, getting ahead of our customers’ needs, getting people incentivized to transform, innovate and continually improve. Education BS or MS in CS or equivalent Additional Requirements N/A 