 Senior Program Manger, Ownership Operations Job Number: 58014148 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As an Ownership Operations Team, we guide, motivate and inspire our retail teams to do their lives best work and deliver unparalleled experiences to all who enter our stores. We develop programs and processes focused on achieving and supporting these goals. We collaborate with partners across Apple to ensure customers receive a world class experience each time they engage with us. Key Qualifications Proven ability to analyze data and information, identify trends and problem statements, create innovative solutions and strategies, drive implementation and execution and iterate. Create the new and different and reimagine the existing, evolving initiatives, programs and procedures. Demonstrate collaboration and inclusion, with the ability to take others on the journey. Ability to prioritize, plan, delegate and execute strategies, programs and projects successfully. Commitment to identifying and communicating innovative ideas in a way that gains consensus and builds partnership. Excellent organization and time management skills with the ability to manage multiple projects concurrently while balancing leadership responsibilities. Thrives in an ambiguous, fast-paced environment operating at both strategic and tactical levels. Passion and dedication to the delivery of an unparalleled and consistent customer experience. Outstanding verbal and written communication skills in English to effectively interact with individuals at all levels of the organization. Strong written and communication skills. Ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment. Self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, fast paced environment. The ability to use Project Management tools 5+ years Project Management Experience Other duties as assigned. Description We are looking for a Program Manager to lead and manage complex, global hero product, service and business program experiences that positively impact both our employees and customers. As part of the Ownership Operations team, the Program Manager will be responsible for collaborating with our business partners cross functionally to design, build and support programs that elevate the team and our customer journey in stores. They will help elevate thinking by offering a store and team perspective to get results. The Program Manger is a strategy partner and provides initiative based support. They are aligned around Retail priorities, are nimble and flexible, with the ability to go where the work is. Education 5 years of program BA/BS required, MBA preferred Additional Requirements Some travel required 