 Siri Senior DevOps/Build Engineer Job Number: 99608141 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Siri is looking for a talented DevOps/Build &amp; Release engineer who is passionate about continuous integration and delivery. Join a fast moving team working hard to automate all aspects of a continuous delivery pipeline for Siri. This DevOps focused individual will be a key player in how software is built and delivered. Join the Siri team at Apple! Key Qualifications Expert knowledge and experience with Software Version Control systems: SVN, GIT (Git and GitHub knowledge is a plus) Knowledge of Java Build Systems and Tools including: Maven, Ant, Gradle Knowledge of other Build Tools and Languages included: Java, C, C++, Ruby, Python Experience working with server clusters consisting of hundreds or thousands of machines Experience maintaining automated build systems such as Jenkins or TeamCity A desire to write tools and applications to automate work rather then do everything by hand Familiarity with Splunk for investigating or monitoring problems on systems Ability to use and create web applications using REST, JSON, or similar protocols Experience machine system configuration using tools such as: Puppet, Chef, Salt, Docker Linux system administration experience: ssh, monitoring processes, attaching storage, cleaning disk space, tailing logs Experience with Java test frameworks such as JUnit Experience implementing Continuous Integration or Continuous Delivery processes in engineering teams Experience managing and integrating test automation into various points in a deployment pipeline Knowledge of Java Code Coverage Tools: Jacoco, Sonar, or Clover Description You will play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. You will contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. You will create groundbreaking technology for large-scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. You will also work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or Information Systems or 8 + years equivalent experience in an engineering role. Additional Requirements Knowledge of Apache Mesos, Hadoop, and Zookeeper Experience using Docker 