 Engineering Project Specialist (EPS) Job Number: 47145055 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Engineering Program Management Team is looking for a resourceful, energetic Engineering Project Specialist (EPS) to assist with engineering BOMs, ECOs and Material Management. Preferred candidate is a fearless organizer who can prioritize issues and track details to manage the risks associated with exploratory and early manufacturing builds. Key Qualifications Understanding of basic BOM components (preferably for hardware products and AGILE). Experience managing, organizing and maintaining large quantities of data. Detail oriented accuracy. Excellent communication (written and verbal). Proficient in MS Excel. Unparalleled multitasking abilities. Top notch critical thinking skill set. Ability to react to resets and changes in a time sensitive environment. Experience with overseas vendors. Description Direct vendor management including service contract and external suppliers for lab bring up and equipment services. Request/coordinate RFQ’s, create Purchase Requisitions, track and push for PR approvals (escalating when necessary), maintain invoice tracking and Goods Receipts. Manage all logistics (incoming materials, outgoing waste/disposal, finished goods, inter-Apple transportation sub- materials, as well as secure shipments) facilitating weekly status reviews. Manage Engineering supplies, replenishment of regular consumables, order special supplies on as-needed basis. Support EPM providing weekly status updates and in some cases creating, maintaining, and managing task-based schedules. Coordinate with Engineering Managers to forecast, create, and manage development budgets. Coordinate with Commodity GSM and Corporate Procurement teams to get engineering project objectives accomplished. Coordinate and track legal agreements with ENG lead, EPM, legal, and security. Coordinate secret entity setup and maintenance, manage security protocols with all external suppliers/service providers. Create, manage and process Engineering Change Orders, Manufacturer Change Orders and Deviations. Create and manage BOMs (Bill of Materials), part numbers, and archive related technical documentation. Work on multiple projects simultaneously. Education BA/BS degree in technical discipline 