 Big Data Engineer, Apple Media Products Analytics Job Number: 113061316 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The iTunes Store is looking for a top-notch Big Data engineer to develop an analytics infrastructure that will generate insights into customer experiences on products such as the iTunes Store, App Store, and iBookstore. Our products reach hundreds of millions of customers around the world, and have revolutionized how people interact with their music, movies, TV shows, apps, books, and podcasts. Key Qualifications Language: Java or Scala Working knowledge on the following distributed data processing platforms: * Required: Spark, Hadoop * Great if you also know: HBase, Kafka, Java Map Reduce Algorithms: You will be working on developing new algorithms to process large scale data efficiently. We expect you to know: * Basic Computer Science algorithms and Data Structures * Distributed Algorithms to process and mine data, e.g. Map Reduce Algorithm * Great but not required if you also know about how to develop: Graph, Data classification and clustering algorithms in distributed environment Good debugging, critical thinking, and communication skills Knowledge in engineering machine learning, feature engineering systems is a plus. Able to gather cross-functional requirements and translate them into practical engineering tasks 5+ years of programming experience Description The iTunes Store Analytics team is responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting on customer experience data. From this data we generate insights into how customers interact with our products, and use these insights to drive improvements to user-facing features. You will be working on a small team and will be responsible for processing large amounts of data and developing platforms to process, analyze and mine that data to extract intelligence. Prepare data for visualization, ad-hoc exploration, reporting, and further analysis. We are looking for a well-rounded data engineer who has good design sense. The ideal candidate pays close attention to details -- caring about the quality of the input data as well as how the processed data is ultimately interpreted and used. You are also a team player -- ready to contribute during design sessions, and able to give and receive constructive code reviews. Your curiosity drives you to explore new technologies and apply creative solutions to problems. Education BS degree in Computer Science or a related field Additional Requirements Build large scale data processing, mining and analysis projects and features, ensuring robust &amp; maintainable solutions are implemented with special attention to data quality, performance and usability details. Effectively demonstrate feature prototypes to executives Develop, advocate for, and build consensus on, coding best practices. Ability to effectively work with cross functional teams to understand requirements and identify design and engineering impacts Experience with architecting big data and analytical applications that scale to petabytes highly preferred. 