 Operations Senior Financial Analyst (CapEx) Job Number: 113173120 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking for a highly motivated Senior Financial Analyst to join the Operations Finance CapEx team to support a highly visible area in the manufacturing of Apple's innovative products. The successful candidate would be able to seamlessly balance operations support and finance responsibilities including presenting capital budgets to leadership and forecasting/accounting for financial impact. In this role the analyst provides financial support to various operations VPs and their staff, requiring excellent communication skills, a strong business acumen, and the ability to think fluidly during presentations. The position acquires in-depth knowledge of operations’ business strategies, forecasting processes, and the company’s goals. The position offers the opportunity to work closely with operations teams to understand capacity, equipment bring up, line design, product design and engineering lifecycle throughout development and into mass production. A successful candidate is a proven leader who embraces change, offers new perspectives, and constantly looks for new and improved ways to achieve results. The candidate must have the ability to work independently with minimal supervision while completing a variety of complex and non-standardized tasks in a high-paced environment. A big plus would be for the candidate to have an interest in operations and understanding how Apple’s products begin in development with engineering and are taken through mass production to delight our customers. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate would have most of the following requirements and skills: 5+ years professional work experience with increasing responsibilities. Ability to thrive in a high-paced environment. Hands-on financial experience performing budgeting, forecasting, reporting and analysis. Strong ability to build trusted cross-functional networks to accomplish goals. Collaborative and able to build consensus while driving valuable meetings amongst cross-functional teams. Demonstrated analytical, logic and financial modeling abilities. Strategic thinker with the ability to see the big picture while working with ambiguity and uncertainty. A go-getter who is curious, creative and can work autonomously. Demonstrated ability to gather and analyze large amounts of data at a macro and micro level. Excellent written communication and presentation skills to various levels of the organization. Strong project management skills including ability to persistently follow through on simultaneous open issues from end-to-end. Ability to manage competing priorities and meet deadlines. Enthusiastic willingness to learn new technologies and manufacturing concepts. Capable of grasping essentials in unstructured complex situations. Fierce attention to detail with laser beam accuracy. Champion for continuous improvement and innovative approaches. High level of proficiency with Excel and presentation tools (i.e. Keynote). The following would be a plus: Demonstrated database or system development experience Audit experience Previous experience within a multinational company. Previous experience within a manufacturing company. Previous experience within a technology company. Experience with database programs, FileMaker, SAP, Business Objects, Tableau, etc. Experience working with auditors and technical accounting matters. Experience working with legal and tax. Description Roles and responsibilities for this position include the following: Preparation and presentation of manufacturing capital budgets for current and future products to operations and finance leadership. Thorough analysis, understanding and challenging of the assumptions supporting the respective budgets. Modeling capital decision analysis and providing recommendations. Drive the tracking and reporting of capital related expenditures versus forecast and budget. Business partnering with operations including global supply managers, operations leadership and coordination with planning and marketing. Interact with all levels (from analyst to executives) and departments (such as other finance groups, IS&amp;T, facilities, procurement, logistics, tax, legal, trade compliance, etc.). Own CapEx per unit cost reporting, including capital cost allocation modeling scenarios for new products. Prepare and present the monthly forecast based on information provided by operations team to determine total acquisition costs and derive depreciation of capital over multiple quarters. Help drive quarterly accounting close to ensure that assets and related liabilities are properly recorded within GAAP based on information provided by operations. Participate in global cross-functional process improvement initiatives. Review, change, and develop accounting policies. Review strategic capital and tooling related deals to ensure financial diligence. Work with management and Technical Accounting on emerging issues. Contribute in process reengineering of the area, including the implementation of an in-house built tool. Education Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance preferred. CPA or MBA a plus but not required. 