 Engineering Program Manager, PMIC Job Number: 50250416 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is an individual contributor role, but we are looking for strong leadership skills for ensuring that our Power Management IPs and chip designs meet the technical, quality and schedule requirements for Apple products. In this highly visible role the EPM is responsible for driving power management technology and IP/IC development working with analog and mixed signal design engineering, architecture, packaging, power integrity, system power engineering and Apple Product teams. Key Qualifications 5 years experience in Analog-Mixed Signal or Power Management IP/IC development. Good knowledge of PMIC design process, tools/flows and methodologies and SoC/chip design life cycle. Strong team player and creative thinker who is able to lead technical teams, cross functional groups and vendors against plans. High tech industry experience with a track record of hands-on product development, program management, project management or engineering management. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Description The EPM will be responsible for cross-functional communication and representation for the groups involved in chip development. Good technical background in voltage regulator designs/architectures and suitability for specific applications a plus (Buck converters, LDOs, band gaps, bias, opamps, switched-cap circuits, feedback and compensation techniques). •Ideal candidate to have project management experience in IC development. •Candidate must have experience working in a dynamic engineering environment, must be good at multi-tasking, and real-time crisis management. •This role requires excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to distill data into a message for executive reviews. •Work closely with chip Integration and system teams to drive high level milestones. •Ability to multi-task and manage designs across several projects simultaneously. •Close technical requirements with Apple System teams, manage issues and track bugs. •Pull together regular project status presentations for cross-functional executive reviews. •Drive resolution of technical issues between cross-functional teams: Technology/Library, IP owners, Design, DV, PD, HW and SW teams. •Convert large amounts of data into a clear story to communicate to stakeholders and organizations at all levels. •Identify risks, develop mitigation strategies and facilitate conflict resolution. •Track project schedule for all phases of Silicon on-chip design: Design, Prototyping, Silicon Bringup, System Bringup and Production Ramp. Education MS or BS Degree in technical discipline 