 Trilingual Supply Demand Planner, Reseller Operations Job Number: 83906923 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Trilingual Reseller Supply Demand Planner position has a wide range of responsibilities that are focused on Account Management. The position entails covering Collaboration, Planning, Forecasting and Replenishment (CPFR) weekly process with key channel partners. To achieve this end the main Account Management activities are: working with regional Supply Planning, Sales, Logistics and Product Administration in the analysis, commitment and delivery of product. The RSDM is the single point of contact to the account for all monitoring, reporting and communications of operational issues, from pre–Purchase Order (PO) activities receipt to Proof Of Delivery(POD). Key Qualifications Fluent in Spanish and Brazilian Portuguese : Speaking, Reading and Writing. The successful candidate will have 6 - 8 years Operations experience. Prior experience in product planning, production control, inventory management, or production / manufacturing operations is strongly preferred. The candidate must combine a working knowledge of world class supply chain practices, strong analytical capabilities, and business savvy. The candidate must be able to exert tactful influence in a matrixed organization - must be a strong team player and communicator. Candidate should be comfortable presenting to executive management. Additional requirements include the ability to both think strategically and execute tactically, a persistent attention to detail, and a high level of comfort in working with numbers. Description -Analyze demand and backlog data in conjunction with customers credit ratings and funding, distribution flexibility, channel directions -Monitor and analyze inventory and sales data and make informed decisions and commitments as a result -Ensures that the interest of the business is represented during account communications -Monitor, track and report on account performance from pre PO commitment to POD -Gathers and disseminates information to internal and external customer needed to make decisions and drive the business -Working with senior leaders and functional experts to understand account business problems and processes -Play a leadership role in the standardization of account deliverables and ensuring adherence to commitments -Develop and implement strategic account plans with agreed upon service level agreements -Act as the single point of contact for communicating operational issues and solutions to accounts -Identify account process improvement opportunities and present them to senior management with recommendations and alternatives -Expanding the role of Account Managers throughout the account and the business by consistently demonstrating a high quality of work output -Facilitate and lead business strategy discussions and vision brainstorming -Develop and implement channel strategies and account support plans -Analyze data and make planning decisions -Manage complex account issues and resolutions -Identify, communicate and manage account risks -Facilitate and lead account meetings Education BA/BS Required. MBA Desirable. 