 Maps DataOps Quality Manager Job Number: 83714073 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Aug. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you have several years of experience in operations and continuous improvement process? Do you love to lead a team of quality engineers and are not afraid of getting into the details of workflow optimization? Are you an Apple Maps and Transit enthusiast and want to help us to bring our global teams and services to the next level? We think we have the right job for you! As part of our highly distributed organization, we are looking for a team player with a can-do attitude, strong sense of empathy and ability to build cross-functional and cross-geographical relationships with all involved stakeholders and across all levels of leadership. This position works closely with Operations, Training, Project Management, and Business Intelligence teams. Occasional travel may be required. Key Qualifications Excellent communication, organizational and leadership skills Ability to filter and distill relevant information for the right audience Self-starter with a strong sense of personal responsibility and ownership Naturally accountable and responsible Remains flexible and calm in the face of ambiguity Mapping and Transit background is a plus Several years experience in a Quality Management role Description The Apple Maps DataOps POI and Transit organization are looking for someone with a strong passion for operational excellence and attention to detail. Our team of employees, contractors, and vendors consists of 500+ people, working in ~10 locations in Asia, Europe, and North-America. This role focuses on quality and process improvements on the individual Maps editor level and encompasses the following responsibilities: - Understanding customer and executive expectations for Maps data quality - Ensuring that Editors are meeting or exceeding expectations - Maintaining quality metrics that measure plan vs baseline - Driving corrective action when metrics do not conform to goals - Developing plans for continuous improvement through data analysis - Directing QC roles in daily duties and guide their education and development Education BS degree in Statistical Analysis, Business Operations or equivalent experience. Certification and hands-on knowledge of quality management and continuous improvement techniques such as TQM or LeanSixSigma. 