 Capacity Planner Job Number: 113123203 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Oct. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are looking for a passionate and talented Capacity Planner who can work closely with the IS&amp;T Application teams. This Capacity Planner will be responsible for producing demand forecasts from IS&amp;T application teams and will develop and lead the global infrastructure capacity planning process. You will work across the entire IS&amp;T organization to align on a long range demand for data center capacity and the infrastructure response as we gain space and power from the data center team. This is a highly visible and influential role in an exciting, fast-paced environment. ****This position can be based in Sacramento, CA OR Austin, TX*********** Key Qualifications You are an ideal candidate if you are able to demonstrate the ability to : Program manage and support activities required to gain data center demand expansion approvals. Understand application dependencies and lead the strategic deployment of computing resources for IS&amp;T applications within the data centers. Communicate effectively with internal customers and the data center team in accordance with the company’s policies, procedures, guidelines and common practices. Interface with IS&amp;T application teams to understand the fast changing business needs and adjust data center forecasts needs where necessary. Effectively communicate with peers and those we support in the infrastructure teams to ensure high quality and timely completion of work requests. Dive deep into deployment planning of compute resources. Identify risks, opportunities and resolve constraints by negotiating across demand and supply. 7 + years of relevant experience in large-scale online services, information technology, data center services or infrastructure engineering. Demonstrated ability to work independently, take initiative, problem solve and handle multiple tasks, and prioritize daily tasks. Proficient with time management Description Work with Data center team, Network Engineering team, and Compute Engineering team to find the optimal way to scale the infrastructure. Analyzes and prioritizes incoming requests and alerts. Outstanding communicator with exceptional written/verbal skill Strong team player who can deliver quality work against tight deadlines Build a strong relationship with cross-functional internal organizations Education Bachelor degree in Computer Sciences, Mathematics, Finance or Engineering. MBA desirable. 