 Instrumentation System Software Design Engineer Job Number: 86002230 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The system SW design engineer will be in charge of developing customized test instruments and complete test systems to test the electrical performance of Mac/iOS devices. You will work collaboratively with a creative and diverse team of experienced engineers from all disciplines including software, electrical, mechanical system design, core technology, product design and operations teams developing state-of-the-art measurement systems for Apple. You have good SW skills (scripting and object oriented programming), and most of all, enjoy shipping a working system instead of designs on paper. The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that has revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you up for the challenge? Key Qualifications Required Skills: •Strong Object oriented programming experience (C, Objective C, C++) •Experience debugging and designing SW to control/test some of the following: hardware automation and motion control USB3/DisplayPort/HDMI/MIPI, high precision ADC, ARM based MCU system programming. •Scripting languages like Perl/ Python •Experience in source control systems like Perforce/SVN/Git •Hands-on experience validating designs and troubleshooting issues with with bench equipment such as oscilloscopes, power supplies, DMM, electronic loads. •3 to 5 years’ experience, junior roles available for exceptional candidates with lesser experience •Be flexible, capable of handling multi-task operations and able to perform under tight schedule •Excellent written and verbal communication skills •Travel is required Preferred skills: •MS in CE/EE •Experience with plotting and processing data in tools like Matlab, JMP, etc. •OSX programming experience •Familiar with PCB manufacturing technology •Embedded system programming Description •Design, troubleshoot and debug SW controlling electrical test instrumentation. •Design Prototype HW/SW test systems for consumer electronics. •Propose, review and implement validation plans. •SW and Instrumentation performance data analysis •Create and maintain functional test plans, trouble shoot test plan implementation. •Manage suppliers/manufacturing parters/test development schedule Education •BS/MS EE or CE Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 