 IVR Platforms Program Manager Job Number: 86349721 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Jul. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare is seeking an experienced Program Manager to own its worldwide IVR platforms. This Program Manager will be responsible for the strategic direction, overall health, and multimillion dollar annual enhancement budget for AppleCare’s IVR platforms. This is a challenging and fast paced role requiring a strong leader capable of moving fluidly from strategic product vision and customer experience design to flawless execution on the highest volume automated customer experience platform within Apple Support. AppleCare’s IVR platforms encompass multiple technology stacks and technical approaches to voice intent recognition and automated response. This Program Manager will work seamlessly with a network of 3rd party vendors and internal software engineering teams to create and evolve the best customer experience for Apple customers while meeting other defined business objectives. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience composing DTMF, Directed Dialog and Natural Language applications. Experience managing projects or programs, including large, cross-functional contact center or support initiatives, preferably with an emphasis on technology solutions Extensive knowledge of the AppleCare Contact Center tools and processes is a plus Knowledge of Apple Support customer experiences Excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience presenting to varied audiences Ability to maintain and develop relationships within the cross-functional teams including management of vendor relationships Strong analytical and organizational skills necessary Proficient knowledge of the system development life-cycles Description The ideal candidate: Builds professional &amp; trusting relationships with both geographically and internationally dispersed entities and individuals. Has a comprehensive knowledge of IVR user interface design and experience with DTMF IVR, as well as speech recognition, TTS and VoiceXML. Basic understanding of Voice Biometrics Experience with enterprise telephony; TDM, SIP, CTI etc. Has experience with Nuance 10 and above Has experience with Genesys Voice Platform version 8 and above Has solid understanding of call distribution, queuing and routing Is experienced with Excel and understands telephone capacity calculations as well as monthly billing and quarterly audits &amp; reviews. Is able to develop and communicate a strategic product vision International Telecom carrier experience Vendor Management experience Ability to explain problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions A strategist with a long-term vision and track record for innovation, who will identify new opportunities and best practices while directing strategic and innovative support programs on time, on budget, and aligned with organizational goals. Ability to effectively express ideas and thoughts verbally and in written form up to and including executive leadership A detailed-oriented, hands-on leader, who takes full accountability from conception through implementation of critical support initiatives Is able to travel several times a year including international trips to support global initiatives. Education BS/BA or equivalent experience required 