 AppleCare Real Time Coordinator Job Number: 113190030 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Real Time Coordinators (ACORTC) act as a first point of contact for schedule adherence issues with Advisors and management in the AppleCare organization. RTC makes schedule adjustments based on service levels, staffing and other factors and works closely with the Network Operations Center, Workforce Management and the business to implement real time strategies to improve service levels. This position can be in Austin, TX or Sacramento, CA. Key Qualifications Interpersonal skills including effective communication, issue resolution and positioning Demonstrated ability to work effectively with business leadership Experience with creation and development of processes and procedures Self-motivated; independently able to prioritize tasks and resolve issues Multi-channel support experience including simultaneous chats, email, phone and ticketing systems Understanding of call center metrics Ability to analyze real time and historical data and execute strategies for problem resolution Knowledge of eWFM and Espresso client preferred One year contact center operations experience preferred Flexibility to work between the hours of 7:00AM and 11:00PM CST, including weekends and holidays Ability to work additional hours or make shift adjustments as determined by business needs Description AppleCare Operations Real Time Coordinators (RTC) act as the first point of contact for Advisors and management to support schedule adherence and schedule adjustments based on service levels, providing support through multiple simultaneous chats, email, phone and ticketing systems. This team frequently partners with Advisors, leadership from both Operations and the customer-facing organization, and Workforce Management. RTC monitors the Advisor population to ensure schedule adherence and works with the Network Operations Center to communicate with the business in real time. A successful RTC must demonstrate the ability to act independently, work comfortably in an environment with no downtime and tailor communications to all levels of leadership. RTC must be able to analyze real time information, Advisor behaviors, and historical reporting to create and implement problem resolution strategies. This person must work successfully in a tight-knit team environment and have the flexibility to work overtime and make shift adjustments as needed. Education BA/BS or equivalent work experience 