 Data Scientist - Apple Media Products, Evaluation and A/B Testing Job Number: 112942835 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Our team provides insights through data that drive decision making for our engineering and product teams. We are looking for a Data Scientist that can derive valuable insights and help us build automated reporting tools from the data we collect on AppStore, Apple Music, Movies &amp; TV, etc. Key Qualifications At least 4 years relevant industry experience Extensive background in statistical methods and data mining Excellent applied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, experimental design, sample size determination and non-parametric statistics Experience with big data systems and distributed computing, such as Hadoop. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, pandas, dplyr, NumPy, etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive and SparkSQL Experience with programming languages such as Scala, Spark or Python Great communication skills and ability to explain findings in layman terms Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Description Our team designs, executes and builds tools for online experiments (A/B tests) and offline experiments (human relevance judgement) that help us enhance and fine tune our data-driven features (Search, Recommendations, etc.). Your primary focus will be on applying statistical methods, develop A/B testing procedures, and automating data pipelines to develop new KPIs. Additional expectations of this role include: Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. Investigate new data sources that can extend and enhance our insights. Work with software engineering teams to enhance data collection procedures. Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis. Doing ad-hoc analysis and promptly presenting results in a clear manner. Generate reports (that can be automated) to present key insights to stakeholders across engineering and product teams. Designing experiments that will measure and test for key performance indicators. Creativity in formulating statistical questions to address business needs. Education Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field. PhD preferred. 3-5+ years’ practical experience with ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics 