 Software Engineer, Full Stack Applications Job Number: 113048412 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you ready to explore a new application domain with a talented and collaborative team? Apple's Technology Development Group is looking for experienced full stack engineers to help us develop innovative new mobile and embedded applications. This team is working with some of Apple's most advanced technologies including the augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) support offered in ARKit and Metal 2. As a member of our fast-paced organization, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft new products that will delight and inspire millions of people every day. Key Qualifications Able to design and implement backend systems with a focus on performance, scalability, security, and deployment on cloud resources Highly skilled developer in one or more systems languages (Objective-C, Swift, C/C++, etc) Comfortable building and using web-based REST APIs Experience working with document (NoSQL, MongoDB, etc) or relational (MySQL, SQLite, etc) databases Proficient in one or more high-level languages (e.g., Python, Ruby, Node, Java, Scala, JavaScript) Practical experience with the Apple development ecosystem, i.e. Xcode, macOS, iOS Description The ideal engineer for this role is comfortable working in a dynamic and creative team charged with exploring an uncharted and rapidly evolving domain. You will be developing world-class frontend and backend systems that need to scale to hundreds of millions of users. You'll need a keen understanding of the current state of security, privacy, scalability and performance. We are building a passionate and diverse team that will span a broad range of application categories including productivity, communication, and entertainment. Education BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science OR equivalent degree OR equivalent experience Additional Requirements Desired Qualifications include... Experience developing macOS or iOS applications Game development experience Knowledge of low-level networking and distributed systems Experience creating AR/VR applications Comfortable working with web application frameworks (e.g., Rails, Django, Flask, Play) Familiarity with ARKit 