 Financial Analyst - G&amp;A Finance (Corporate HR) Job Number: 86217143 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary HR Finance (supporting our Corporate HR teams including Business HR, Recruiting, HR Technology, Employee Engagement, Talent Analytics, and Compensation and Benefit, etc.) is looking for a Sr. Financial Analyst. This role will be primarily responsible for most OPEX &amp; OCOGS related items as well as the Headcount Forecast. Along with a strong analytical mindset, this role will require a significant amount of partnering, both with the HR Teams and with our internal finance teams. Key Qualifications A minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. Strong Excel skills, experience with enterprise software systems (SAP) and databases preferred Excellent analytical, written, and verbal communication skills Detail oriented and highly organized The ability to work to deadlines and on multiple tasks simultaneously The successful candidate welcomes change, is curious to discover new approaches to recurring issues, takes on problem solving with a positive attitude and is self-motivated to complete difficult tasks Enjoy the unknown and ambiguity, ability to think independently and work with limited instruction - naturally curious Strong sense of team Description The Sr. Analyst will need to partner extensively with the our Corporate HR teams to understand their drivers while continuing to push for further efficiencies. Responsibilities include: OPEX and OCOGS Forecasting and Close: Includes Headcount, Variable and Fixed expenses associated with our Corporate HR teams Forecast &amp; Close review with G&amp;A Finance leadership Develop and provide management reporting to enable Corporate HR to manage their budgets and headcount in accordance with Plan Understand spend requirements and provide analysis that allows business partners to make the most effective spending decisions Drive quarterly reviews with the business Approval of PR’s to ensure correct application of project codes and GL coding, and compliance with Indirect Procurement requirements Management of accruals for monthly and quarterly Close, ensuring adherence to SOX requirements for substantiation of accruals. Headcount Forecast A key component of this role is to develop further and keep current the Headcount Forecast. This requires diligence, attention for detail, and an ability to work independently as well as in an accurate fashion. Education The ideal candidate will have a undergraduate degree. Additional Requirements Candidate must possess excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical/problem-solving skills, and the ability to work with cross-functional teams across many levels of management. Strong background in Accounting and Finance with experience managing operating expense. The ideal candidate is highly motivated, and able to take the initiative and work independently. Excellent analytical skills and a strong desire to apply analytics in new situations. Ability to prioritize and respond quickly as well as work under pressure. 