 AppleCare College Program - Texas State University, San Marcos Job Number: 113131255 San Marcos, TX, Texas, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 20.00 Job Summary We expect everything from an Advisor that our customers do and we want Apple to be a reflection of the world around us. You’re a problem-solver and easily connect with customers! You exceed their expectations with your guidance, knowledge, and real passion for technology. You’re enamored by the way things operate, and have the ability to figure out how technology works when things go wrong. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to effectively prioritize and manage your time. You can multitask across systems and applications, analyze, isolate and resolve a variety of complex technical issues, and comfortably navigate a technical environment. You effortlessly engage, explaining step by step solutions with patience and an approach tailored to each individual customer. You’re not only here to help fix technical issues, but also provide an incredible customer experience. Because you’ll work independently from home, you’ll need the discipline and ability to work remotely from coworkers and management. If this sounds like you, you could be the next AppleCare At Home College Advisor. This is a work from home position, we can only consider you if you're enrolled at participating universities. Key Qualifications Real passion for customer service and ownership of the customer experience including comprehensive issue resolution Able to effectively tailor communication and style to differing audiences Able to self manage and work independently in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment Thrives on a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Effective time management including ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Able to research and grasp technical information across multiple tools while talking with customers iOS, Smartphone, Tablet, PC or Mac experience Aptitude for acquiring skills in technical troubleshooting and an eagerness to learn and take on new challenges Description As an AppleCare At Home Advisor, you’ll be supporting many of our popular products, from iPhones to iPads to MacBooks to desktop Macs. As our customers’ first point of contact, you’ll be the friendly voice of Apple, providing world class customer service, troubleshooting, and technical support. We’ll rely on you to listen to our customers and use your technical knowledge, creativity, and passion to meet their needs — and remind them that behind our great products are amazing people. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us create the ideas that move all of us forward. We’ll train you to be the best. This position comes with competitive pay, tuition reimbursement, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, an employee discount, and dedicated resources to support your ongoing growth and career development. Education Student must be enrolled at a participating university. Additional Requirements Available to attend approximately 6-9 weeks of required online training on a fixed schedule that may include weekends (Training may be either 24 or 40 hours per week depending on hire date) Able to work three week days between the hours of 4:00 p.m CST and 10:30 p.m. CST including weekends and holidays between the hours of 7:00 a.m and 10:30 p.m, with the possibility to flex up or down hours depending upon business needs Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successfully complete initial training Able to meet minimum typing speed of 40 WPM in conversation with customers AT HOME REQUIREMENTS A quiet workspace, ergonomic chair, and desk High-speed Internet service (5 megabits download and 1 megabit upload) from a reliable provider. 