 Senior Network Engineer - Retail Job Number: 56761432 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an exceptional Senior Network Engineer to join their Global Network Services (GNS) team, with a focus on Retail network infrastructure. This is a highly technical, hands-on role in a dynamic and fast paced environment. The successful candidate will have a mixture of deep technical know-how as well as a excellent network analysis fundamentals and robust troubleshooting skills. Key Qualifications 5+ years industry experience in large scale global networks Solid understanding of TCP/IP (both IPv4/IPv6) Experience and knowledge of BGP and Internet Routing Policies Extensive knowledge of both Cisco IOS/NX-OS and JUNOS Strong working knowledge of: Wireless security architecture and protocols Access Control methodologies VPN technologies, including IPSec, 3DES, AES, IKE, DMVPN PCI and SOX standards and compliance Expertise with standard Linux utilities and programs (grep, sed, awk, sort, traceroute, tcpdump, etc) Experience automating workflows through scripting (Python, Perl, or Ansible) Description The candidate will be developing, implementing, and supporting scalable networking solutions to address a variety of business challenges. They will need to excel in a fast-paced environment with the ability to multi-task and work not only on projects, but also provide operational support. This person must be a collaborative team player that will work across cross-functional groups and have the ability and willingness to mentor others and have a sound business approach for supporting our global footprint. We are looking for an experienced Senior Network Engineer who knows how to operate efficiently in large scale environments. This person will leverage automation and tools to develop and maintain consistency within the networking infrastructure. The candidate is responsible for automating support tasks across hundreds of locations around the world. They will not only develop network security standards, but also the tools and process to deploy them and ensure that they remain up to date. Besides a strong technical role, this position also requires strong people skills and an individual who enjoys the dynamic nature of Apple’s environment. The ideal candidate: Is enthusiastic to develop solutions to interesting problems rarely seen in smaller environments. Has a driving passion to improve existing processes and systems. Independently identifies problem areas and creates elegant solutions. Excellent problem resolution skills Good communication and documentation skills Education Bachelors in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements This position requires 24x7 on-call availability for several weeks a year. 