 Sr. FEA Analyst Job Number: 112969073 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Help Apple create a world-class structural modeling and characterization team for the Battery organization. As a member of the Product Design Structural Analysis team, you will be responsible for FEA modeling and material characterization. You will be fully integrated with the Product Design team from the earliest stages, analyzing and informing the mechanical design of cutting-edge products. You will also work with cross-functional teams within Apple and with outside vendors to characterize the strength of raw materials and components. The Battery Engineering Team at Apple produces high energy and highly reliable embedded battery systems for all product teams. Tightly integrated with Product Development, Operations, Industrial Design and Reliability Testing groups, the Battery Product Development team owns battery module development from initial system architecture through ramp. Key Qualifications 5+ years focused experience in FEA Mechanical Engineer PhD (preferred) Battery related experience highly desired Electronics industry experience desirable Must have the ability to work in an incredibly fast-paced environment Must have outstanding communication skills Must have a passion for creating innovative, high quality products Experience in using good modeling practices including model validation techniques preferred Experience in testing and failure modeling of different classes of materials are preferred Handheld/portable/wearable device experience is preferred Functional areas: non-linear, thin structures, dynamics, Fatigue, multi-physics, Explicit (shock/drop), Failure prediction, CFD, Optimization, Topological Optimization, Frequency Response. Tools: Abaqus CAE (must), Ansys Mechanical (must), LS-Dyna (must), Spaceclaim / DesignModeler, Hypermesh, Femap, NX Adv Simulation, Isight, Fesafe, Fluent, Star-CCM Description As a member of the Product Design Structural Analysis team, you will be responsible for FEA modeling and material characterization for all products. You will be fully integrated with the Product Design team from the earliest stages, analyzing and informing the mechanical design of cutting-edge products. You will also work with cross-functional teams within Apple and with outside vendors to characterize the strength of raw materials and components. •Work with design teams and cross-functional teams, to understand CAE analysis requirements and clearly identify the related goals, scope and functionality limitations. •Use best in class tools and solvers to generate the necessary simulation models and results. •Work with test and reliability labs, to develop physical test methods, to gather necessary data for results validation. •Work with system teams, to collaborate on developing detailed sub-models to be used in assembly level simulations. •Develop optimized workflows and/or reusable templates for regularly required FEA simulations. •Develop and implement best practices. •Work with CAE vendors to drive the functionality improvements to better serve the CAE needs of the group. •Explore new analysis types and solutions, including topological optimization •Develop and maintain HPC infrastructure for supporting CAE activities. Education Mechanical Engineer PhD (preferred) 