 Payments and Financing Business Manager Job Number: 113094241 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Retail Payments and Financial Services team is looking for a team player with a strong understanding of payments and financing. The candidate should be able to work cross functionally across Apple and be able to identify and execute new business opportunities with respect to financing. The ideal candidate should be able to understand the short term and long term goals of the company and build solutions to meet those expectations. Key Qualifications Financial background is a must, working with retailers in the past is a plus Ability to be flexible and adapt to the project/program at hand. Must be willing to understand the problem and drive to a solution using available tools Ability to work across Apple Inc to get approvals and consensus for the projects being designed Analytical skills and ability to look for key data points even if they are not necessarily immediately accessible Must be able to multi task and manage many projects at the same time. Prioritization is a must. Comfortable in presenting to senior management, ability to get the message across in a succinct manner The job is global, must be able to consider local requirements and be unique where needed Proficient in Excel and Keynote. Strong presentation skills an asset Description Strong process focus, able to see opportunities for improvement in the business. Responsible for identifying and building new opportunities/projects to support Retail’s needs Identify and drive process gaps to closure by collaborating across the organization Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to work successfully in a highly matrixed and global organizational model. Must be self managed, highly motivated and have a strong drive for results. Must be willing and able to deal with a high level of complexity and ambiguity. Demonstrated teamwork as well as leadership and influence skills. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent 