 Machine Learning Researcher, Platform Architecture Job Number: 57255953 Seattle, Washington, United States Posted: Jun. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are looking for engineers with a passion for using machine learning to create intelligent applications. In this highly accomplished, deeply technical and close-knit team of data scientists and machine learning engineers, you will create tools that are used by millions of people. You will design and implement new machine learning algorithms and techniques and collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world. Our team researches new machine learning algorithms, models and techniques that will power amazingly intelligent user experiences. We are looking for new energetic members to join our research ML group. In this role, you will design new models and algorithms, and actively engage with the academic community by publishing your work and participating in academic efforts. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to every cool project around Apple, and use your data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence skills to transfer your ideas into solutions for some of the most challenging technical problems in the next generation of products that will delight millions of people. Key Qualifications Strong academic and publication record Deep technical skills in machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing, or artificial intelligence A passion for creating innovative techniques and making these methods robust and scalable Ability to explain and present deep technical ideas Creative, collaborative, &amp; innovation focused Description As a member of the ML Research team, you will design and evaluate new algorithms, models and methods that will impact Apple and the broad ML community. You will also collaborate with teams across Apple, who are building the newest, most compelling intelligent applications in the world. You will also be a trusted advisor for best practice machine learning development. • Your responsibilities include: • Researching, developing and implementing the most innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision and NLP techniques • Publishing papers, software and creating presentations • Transferring machine learning solutions to data scientists and engineers on product teams • Providing technical guidance to product teams on the choice of machine learning approaches appropriate for a task • Providing architectural guidance on transitioning prototypes to high-performance production models • Providing feedback on tools and new features needed back to platform development teams Education • PhD in Machine learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, or related field or • MS in related field with a strong academic track record • 3+ years of research experience in academia or industry 