 Engineering Program Manager - SoC Job Number: 35925944 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a Silicon Program Manager within the SEG Engineering organization, you will be working on a Senior Project Management team, responsible for driving Silicon program schedules and resolving technical issues that enable on-time silicon. This is an individual contributor role, helping manage the development process for SOC silicon used in next generation Apple products. Focus of this role is on initial phases of architecture, spec, design and pre-silicon prototyping to initial samples. Key Qualifications Requires 5+ years of experience in SOC/VLSI Chip Design, ASIC Chip Design, or Technology process development 1+ years of experience in Technical Program or Project Management, Systems Support/Customer Support exp. Great leadership and communication skills Experience working in a dynamic engineering environment, strong at multi-tasking, and real-time crisis management. Strong desire to own/drive project development using well defined metrics. Experience working with ASIC &amp; VLSI design flows, and managing silicon projects from concept to production. Description Work on a Program Management team responsible for driving technical issue resolution to enable on-time silicon to meet aggressive product schedules. Drive internal program process to guarantee high quality silicon definition and design execution. Support high level milestone execution in a fast paced core technology design team. Interface and drive silicon issues within cross-functional teams: Design, Verification, Validation, Technology, System Hardware and Core Software Focus Design teams on meeting near-term milestones and unblocking technical issues by pulling together the right cross-functional technical expert(s) to resolve the issues with data based decision making. Attend and drive technical sessions with suppliers/design partners to track &amp; follow up issues/escalations. Disciplined issue reporting, bug tracking, and communication of program risks &amp; status. Education MSEE/BSEE Degree or equivalent 