 Online Readiness Program Manager Job Number: 113187905 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The AppleCare Online Support organization services more than 3 billion customers per year across a broad range of online platforms. The organization is responsible for all support and service digital content, web assets, customer tools and apps, communities, analytics, SEO and social media. We are the highest volume post sales support function in Apple and adhere to the highest standard of quality and innovation on behalf of our customers worldwide. Key Qualifications Minimum 5+ years professional work experience as a project/program manager in New Product Introduction (NPI), customer support or product development. Professional experience with digital projects and/or data is preferred. Ability to combine analytical thinking with business acumen to effectively provide context-specific insights to Engineering or Marketing partners Cross-functional team leadership of co-located or remote team members Ability to influence and partner with multiple teams across Apple of varying expertise and seniority Passion for customer satisfaction and continuous improvement Description The Readiness Program Manager has broad visibility into and responsibility for ensuring a well-coordinated New Product Introduction from every aspect of AppleCare Online. The role also coordinates post-launch / on-going digital insight from social media, communities, SEO and the associated response actions in support of a sustaining quality feedback loop. Finally, the role partners with cross-functional teams to identify and influence the implementation of opportunities to continuously enhance NPI support. Key Responsibilities: - Be the primary representative of AppleCare Online for cross-functional updates on status, strategy and issue resolutio - Ensure all aspects of a product launch for AppleCare Online are delivered in a timely and quality manner - Synthesize digital data to quantify impact and provide insight on top issues or Marketing feature requests to influence product quality in partnership with AppleCare SW and HW Readiness and Response Engineering - Collaborate with internal teams and external AppleCare Online partners such as Contact Center, Marketing, Retail/AOS, Field Service, and in-region teams to identify, influence and implement NPI opportunities - Lead, individually or with the AppleCare Online team, the presentation of comprehensive updates on pre-launch status and/or post-launch performance to the most senior levels of management, internal or external to AppleCare Online Education BS or MS degree in business or engineering, MBA preferred. Equivalent experience is acceptable. Additional Requirements Occasional business travel might be required 