 Maps Software Field Tester Job Number: 113160012 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s Maps Evaluation group is seeking a motivated, highly technical Field Test Engineer with excellent problem solving and communication skills, to help the Maps team create and ship great map products. Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Attention to detail Creative thinker Strong problem solver A passion for user-focused design &amp; a seamless customer experience Comfortable and adaptable in a fast-paced and informal environment Aptitude to independently learn new technologies Ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules Description The ideal candidate is a brilliant problem solver, quick study, self starter, and excellent communicator with a passion for shipping quality products. Ability to think on your feet and to deliver results in a fast paced environment is a must. Our field testers work closely with the data science and development teams to ensure the Maps organization ships the highest quality application. The candidate should possess the ability to quickly grasp and distill highly complex matters into clean, understandable reports. The candidate must also be an effective diplomat with strong communication and organizational skills, who is willing to prove him or herself within a company of talented individuals. Education Bachelor’s degree or higher preferred Relevant work experience preferred Additional Requirements Thorough knowledge of and proficiency in iOS and Mac OS X Ability to write detailed and precise instructions for non-technical people Experience training groups of people Must be able to walk up to 10 miles per day outdoors Willing to travel up to 40% Language Skills: English required, additional languages a plus 