 Siri Engineering Product Manager - Knowledge Job Number: 86387833 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Siri Search team is creating groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we create are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every day. Key Qualifications 3+ Years as a Product Manager building data reliant software products with prior Engineering experience preferred. Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science or similar Engineering degree Prior entrepreneurial or startup experience is desirable Preferred but not required: experience hiring and managing product managers. Prior experience working with Product Design, Product Marketing and/or Business Development is preferred. Great track record of working with engineering and design teams: people want to work with you again. Familiarity with backend data processing engines like Apache Hive and Apache Spark, interactive SQL query engines and NLP is preferred. Strong command of core statistical concepts, including hypothesis testing, the design of experiments, and bootstrapped confidence intervals Passionate about the space of leverage large amounts of data to build more impactful products. Description * Own and ship Siri's knowledge feature(s) for Siri and other platforms. * Conceptualize and productize intelligent user experiences based on query stream analysis, apple's product strategy, and market research. * Closely collaborate and partner with Design and Engineering team through the development process to ensure high-quality execution. * Develop and manage product roadmap by working with leadership, engineering, EPM, product marketing and business teams. * Partner with business development teams to start and implement data partnerships. Education BS in Computer Science or related engineering degree 