 Security Engineer Job Number: 113138983 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple services are an essential part of the Apple experience that extends even beyond the owners of Apple devices. Our users rely on services such as iMessage, iTunes, the App Store, and iCloud to communicate, to access powerful applications and media content, and to create, store and protect their memories seamlessly across all their devices. While we strive to improve user experience by avoiding unnecessary friction, our Fraud Engineering team performs continuous analysis and designs and provides internal tools to help ensure that our users remain in control of their accounts, even when their credentials leave their control. We are looking for people who can envision themselves in the bad guys' seat, while feeling proud and rewarded whenever fraudsters are pushed out of business and Apple users are safe. The Fraud Engineering, Algorithms and Risk group is looking for an experienced security engineer to join a Red Team conducting analysis, reverse engineering, design and implementation of fraud prevention mechanisms and tools. The role will span the breadth of Apple devices and systems, and will be primarily back-end focused. The role requires candidates who have a strong background and interest in information, product and system security, mature SW Development sensibilities, and who can act pragmatically and work autonomously and in close collaboration with experts in diverse domains. The ideal candidate will have experience in breaking stuff - yet with methodology - and will relish the satisfaction of improving the lives of millions with every commit. He or she will have the opportunity to drive change at multiple levels of the organization and in procedures and protocols as well as technical implementation. Key Qualifications * Experience with at least one major language suited to web services programming (e.g. Java, Python, Node.js) * Knowledge of of security and cryptographic concepts (PKI…) * Knowledge in iOS application development (desired) * Experience with protection of software IPs * Experience in analysis of big data sets * Ability to quickly pick up, understand, and communicate complex concepts * Excellent communication skills and a strong desire to work with both technical and non-technical audiences Description As a Red team engineer in the Fraud Engineering, Algorithms and Risk group, you’ll have the opportunity to conduct analysis and reverse engineering of Apple services and contribute to building the methodology and tools that protect our customers. You will work with developers, data analysts and security engineers to ensure that new devices, software and features in our services, provide the safest experience to our customers. Education Master in Computer Science/Information Security or equivalent work experience. 