 Commerce Software Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113092072 New York City, New York, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary With over 1 billion iPhones sold, 180 billion App downloads, and 500 million unique weekly customers, Apple, along with an incredible community of content creators have made the App Store the most vibrant software marketplace in the world. We're not done, and we need your help. The Apple Media Products Commerce Engineering team manages purchases from all iOS products, including Apps, Music, and Subscriptions. This scale is truly unprecedented and requires tremendous thinking to develop new initiatives and maintain existing systems. We are looking for a self-starting, energetic individual who is not afraid to question assumptions or charge head-first into gray areas. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must to collaborate in our cross-functional environments. The ideal candidate should have several years experience developing large-scale web-based applications using object-oriented languages. Excellent understanding of relational databases and data-modeling techniques are needed, and Cassandra or other NoSQL knowledge are a plus. We are primarily a Java shop. Key Qualifications Self-driven to learn and engage with technologies and people Hands-on software engineering experience, particularly with Java and Service Oriented Architectures Excellent communication skills Curiosity Willing to take ownership and set direction, especially in gray areas The attitude that technical debt is an opportunity for better engineering Strong sense of responsibility, requiring minimal guidance Description The Apple Media Products Commerce Engineering team supports all the commerce functionality of the App Store, iTunes Music Store, Apple Music, and many others. We account for each purchase across many different reporting and financial systems. You would work on adding new integrations, scaling current data flows, and re-imagining existing processes to accommodate developing features and architectures. We offer a diverse set of products, often with dissimilar taxation, accounting and reporting requirements. These requirements are often country specific and can change quickly as legislative bodies update local laws. All of this operates on an immense scale, both in volume and business complexity. Education BS in STEM, equivalent work experience 