 iOS Location Analytics Software Intern / Data Scientist Intern Job Number: 112861096 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Shape the next generation of location-aware iOS applications by working on bleeding-edge solutions for the Contextual Analytics, Location Technologies and Motion Sensors team. The Location Data Analysis team is looking for server side computer engineer / Data Scientist with a passion for data mining, algorithm and server side development. The candidate should be creative, hands on server technologies, working with huge amount of data and team oriented. Key Qualifications Implement and support pipelines to analyze huge amount of data You know Java Programming (design &amp; architecture, algorithms) Hands-on knowledge of prototyping and scripting languages, such as Python or MATLAB Experienced in designing and implementing various machine learning models and deep understanding of core machine learning and estimation concepts including classifiers, clustering algorithms, anomaly detection techniques and filtering. Preferred to have experience with application servers, Hadoop, RDBMS, NoSQL DB and other backend technologies Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a team Proven capability of solving challenging problems Strong attention to details and excellent analytical capabilities Passion for developing and testing clear, robust code. Description This is a great opportunity for data scientists/algorithm engineer who are interested in big data, backend technology and algorithms developments.You will be a key member of a team that is pursuing future products in location technologies. In that role, you will be expected to think out-of-the box, investigate a set of research hypotheses and shape them into a meaningful definition that can be demonstrated with a prototype and subsequently implemented in a production-grade code. The problem space may include various estimation and machine learning algorithms. Education Working towards M.S. or PhD in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or Electrical Engineering Additional Requirements Demonstrated ability to complete milestones under pressure with tight deadlines. Excellent communication skills and good team player. Familiarity with location technologies, RF signals, recommendation systems and similarity functions is a plus Familiarity with Obj-C / C++ is a plus Exposure to Hadoop, Spark and Kafka preferred 