 Technical Program Manager – Data Center Job Number: 113208834 Maiden, NC, North Carolina, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The successful candidate will be a highly motivated self-starter who is a technically savvy Program/Project manager and is able to provide excellent customer service, with an eye for identifying potential problem areas before they arise. The position requires a professional with proven experience and success in managing the full life cycle of data center projects from design and build through to completion. Ensure compliance of all PMO standards, policies, and processes within the organization. Key Qualifications 10 years + of relevant work experience, including 6 years industry experience in managing large, complex projects Familiar with a data center environment Effective oral and written communication skills, with outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills Imperative to the success of this position is the ability to understand complex technical operations environments, communicate issues and provide solutions to all levels of the organization Ability to handle multiple assignments of competing priorities and work them through to an effective resolution ​Familiarity with supply chain and logistics concepts Experience within complex organizational settings (e.g., PMO, geographic dispersion, etc.). 24x7 availability; Experience in a production operations environment, such as NOCs. Solid grasp of networking fundamentals, storage/SA/data protection experience, thorough understanding of how a data center is built and how they are connected (inter/intra) Description As a Technical Program Manager - Data Centers, you will be responsible for overseeing major deployment programs while working with partner groups to create aggressive yet achievable plans. Your objective will be to organize the overall team, establish clear roles and responsibilities and create a high level work flow plan while developing and owning the master schedule working in close co-operation with Apple’s construction team. It is required that you have a technical background in infrastructure, servers, storage, networks, and experience with data center construction and operations teams. The successful professional will be working across multiple groups including operations, vendor management, consultant management, both on an internal and client basis. You will be highly organized and coordinate programs within the Apple Data Center operations environments. You will provide strategic guidance and oversight to teams and project managers in ways that promote Apple's culture and drive results. The ideal candidate will be an excellent leader and will have experience in managing cross-functional teams of different disciplines to deliver the desirable outcome to our organization in a timely and cost effective manner. You will be required to host effective meetings with professional discipline and rigor using industry tools for performance metric reporting. You need to possess excellent communication and presentation skills at the senior level as well as the ability to work closely and constructively with all areas of the business. The candidate must feel comfortable with, and remain calm in the face of uncertainty, rapid change, and aggressive deadlines common to rapidly growing companies with evolving business models. This individual will track all aspects of a given project; from site selection through to implementation and data center commissioning; will communicate progress, issues, and status to all relevant parties. Education BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent. MBA desired CCNA Preferred 