 Data Mining Scientist Job Number: 112968561 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Analytic Insight team is looking for an outstanding data scientist who is interested in designing, developing, and fielding data mining solutions that have direct and measurable impact to Apple. This person will work with various business managers and executives to help identify viable data mining opportunities and then implement end to end analytical solutions. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms and creativity to invent and customize when necessary. The job is located in Austin, Texas. Key Qualifications Strong working knowledge of data science algorithms including decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, regression, and neural networks. Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles with a working knowledge of SQL. Creativity to go beyond current tools to deliver best solution to the problem Strong programming skills in Python, Java, C++, or similar language Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills Ability and comfort working independently and making key decisions on projects Description Apple has a tremendous amount of data, and we have just scratched the surface in pattern detection, anomaly detection, predictive modeling, and optimization. There are many exciting problems to be discovered and solved and many business owners eager to leverage data mining. The Apple Analytic Insight team encourages scientists to stay abreast of data science research by attending conferences and working with academic faculty and students. We foster a collaborative work environment, but allow solution autonomy on projects. Responsibilities: - Conceive and design end to end data science solutions to support Apple's business units and initiatives. - Work with business owners to map business requirements into technical solutions. - Develop and implement data science solutions to fit business problem, which may include applying algorithms from a standard tool or custom algorithm development. - Work closely with data warehouse architects and software developers to generate seamless business intelligence solutions for end users. - Support production analytic solutions. - Perform ad hoc statistical and data science analyses. - Present results of analyses to business units. Education - Either: Ph.D. in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research or related field M.S. in related field with 5+ years experience applying data science techniques to real business problems. 