 Apple Retail Stores Finance – Preservation Financial Analyst Job Number: 112920823 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Team up with Apple, one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry, and support one of the world’s most successful retailers. At Apple, you’ll share in a commitment to excellence and be a key contributor in a fast-paced, high growth environment. We are looking for a professional with integrity, creativity, accountability and strong interpersonal skills with a commitment to teamwork. If you exemplify our values and want to be a part of something big, contact us today. Key Qualifications Demonstrated ability to conduct complex, data driven analysis. Strong knowledge of Excel required, experience with enterprise software system (e.g SAP) an plus 3+ years of relevant experience in a high performance organization Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to articulate results of analysis in easy to understand business terms. Strong prioritization skills, ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to learn quickly and navigate through a large organization Ability to thrive in a hardworking, collaborative environment Description Our Retail Stores Finance team is lively, interactive team that has a direct impact on the business. As a truly global retailer, there are constant opportunities for growth and development, along with the responsibilities to provide Finance solutions that are innovative and support both our internal and external customers. The Preservation Finance Analyst will join a team that provides financial analysis for the Preservation group of one of the fastest growing retailers in the world, with 497 stores in 20 countries. Preservation Finance works closely with teams around the world including Retail Real Estate and Development, FP&amp;A, Tax, Legal, and Global Finance Shared Services. Responsibilities include: Strong business partnering through reporting and analytics about our Preservation spend, including actuals versus forecast and plan. Lead monthly meetings with field partners to share insights and evaluate trend vs. forecast Monitor the expense impact to the P&amp;L through reporting, and actively forecasting throughout the month Track capital spend for Existing Store Projects at our stores around the world Coordinate payments, accruals and process improvements with Retail P2P and worldwide Shared Service centers Financial reviews and analytics of key vendors and areas of spend Support Retail and Apple corporate teams in ad hoc analytical and business projects, including process and systems improvements. Education BS/BA or equivalent in business or related field. 