 Engineering Manager, Apple Retail Engineering Job Number: 58139948 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Retail Engineering team is seeking an Engineering Manager who's eager to work in an environment that is fast paced, complex, and extremely large. Our group's focuses on design and development of web and iOS based solutions for Apple Retail Business. Key Qualifications Experience managing a software development team Hunger and desire to learn new things and develop awesome solutions Evidence of driving technical innovation Excellent written and verbal communications skills. Strong analytical skills Description Leadership and management of a team of talented software engineers in a fast-paced and demanding software development environment. Candidate must have demonstrated expertise in the web technologies with proficiency in the Java, Spring, Hibernate and Oracle. Candidate must have a deep knowledge of OO concepts and design patterns. Strong familiarity of deploying large-scale production ready applications is important. Responsibilities include: Write software code based on functional specification and technical design; adhere to development techniques and standards. Adhere to architectural standards and develop designs that consider impact with other aspects of the software and appropriately leverage existing code Produce and review High-Level and Detailed Technical Designs following Apple standards for a range of subject areas (e.g., requirements, data access strategy, business uses and usage) Keep up to date on new technologies and offer analysis of present or future benefit to Apple Facilitate design walkthroughs with IT and business staff to validate solutions against business requirements and IT architecture Independently analyze and resolve large, complex, high impact production problems, assessing alternatives as appropriate and implementing long-term solutions. Provides direction and mentorship to less experienced staff Leverage technology advances through tactical and strategic technology solutions, reference architectures, frameworks, and components. Education Bachelor's or Masters degree in computer science or related field 