 Global Supply Manager (GSM)- Retail Product Display Job Number: 113013422 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 26, 2017 Job Summary Apple is in the process of recruiting individuals to join our mechanical enclosure global supply management team. The enclosure global supply management team is responsible for the sourcing, manufacturing development execution, and production of Apple's differentiated and unique mechanical enclosure parts. Part of Apple's core business is the creation and development of our world-class industrial designs and as such, the management of the supply chains is required to be equally unique, innovative and specialized. In this specific role, you will be responsible for all components/fixtures used to make Visual Merchandising displays that showcase Apple’s products within its Apple Retail stores worldwide. Just like all other products designed by Apple, these elements are held to the greatest standards for quality, design efficiency, and manufacturing optimization. Key Qualifications Accomplished individuals who have demonstrated an attention to achieving excellence in whatever field they have chosen. Individuals in this group support the following: Cross functional support: with Apple's industrial design, product development, operations teams, Marcom, and Retail teams. Technology Development Management: evaluation and development of new enclosure technologies using new materials, finishes, and processes. Supply chain management: identification, development, negotiation and management of developing Apple mechanical suppliers. Domestic and International travel required. Build Support: on site management of enclosure manufacturing partners to manage the development builds, risk mitigation and ramp Cost: development, negotiation and execution of a part and assembly cost strategy. An understanding of mechanical manufacturing techniques is important to better evaluate supplier capabilities and opportunities for Apple On-time-delivery : schedule, capacity and supply planning to meet Apple’s production demand Risk Mitigation: evaluation of technical and business risks using data based analysis and developing sound risk mitigation alternatives Program Management: the ability to manage all of the above tasks and personnel resources Description Apple is continuing to grow in our product offerings and volume. This growth will present opportunity to select individuals who have demonstrated aggressive innovative thinking in their career development. The ideal individuals will have an advanced educational and career path with a focus on mechanical engineering, mechanical development, manufacturing practices/techniques, program management, supply chain, logistics and business. Requires exceptional project management skills to drive 5-10 programs simultaneously, and ability to clearly communicate to high level executives for special projects. There will be a strong focus on maintaining a schedule for complex projects with many moving pieces, including working closely with our Real Estate and Development team in establishing a new space and ordering equipment for prototyping in the Cupertino area. Education BSME , MSME perferred Additional Requirements 20% travel required 