 iOS Software Engineer - Customer Facing Support Applications Job Number: 86535871 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you have a passion for creating experiences that help people solve technology problems? At Apple, we’re here to help our customers when they need support, and by joining our team, you’ll help us evolve and expand the experiences we offer through our iOS Support app. We are looking for a highly motivated individual to create intuitive user experiences, who is passionate about quality and has a keen eye for detail. You will champion your ideas with peers, management and other engineering groups. You will also enjoy the benefits of working in a fast growing business where you are encouraged to "Think Different" and where your efforts play a key role in the success of Apple’s business. Key Qualifications Strong programming skills, preferably with Swift and Objective-C Deep experience with iOS SDK include frameworks such as UIKit, Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics, AVFoundation, Core Spotlight, and Core Text Intimate knowledge of iOS design patterns and Apple’s Human Interface Guidelines Up to speed with the latest iOS version changes, features and requirements Familiarity of the Swift Standard Library Knowledge / familiarity of the Swift open source project a plus Solid understanding of JSON, REST and other similar web services Currently have apps deployed on the iOS App Store Must have a solid understanding of the software development process, including unit testing and release management. Ability to support multiple projects at the same time Must be able to brainstorm and effectively communicate technology ideas and issues Must be highly collaborative and able to work cross functionally with different teams Description The Support app team is looking for a software engineer with experience developing consumer iOS applications. As a member of this team you will be a vital contributor to Support app, Apple's native iOS solution for personalized help. As a contributor to Support app, you will have the opportunity to influence product features, implement highly polished user interfaces, take advantage of new OS level functionality, and work cross-functionally with other engineering teams within Apple. If you are excited about building innovative experiences then join our team and make a difference! This will be a hands role focused on design, development, and maintenance of an iOS app, that is used by millions of Apple customers. The candidate must have expert Foundation and iOS SDK knowledge. The candidate must also have experience in developing and deploying iOS applications that leverage back end web services. This is a lead developer role that will leverage your hands on coding skills and leadership skills with other developers and vendors to deliver the solution Education Masters or Bachelor’s degree in computer science / software engineering / related field 