 Analytical Chemist Job Number: 86191514 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Hardware Engineering organization is seeking a candidate to develop, validate, and execute analytical methods to drive biocompatibility as an attribute of the material selection process in wearable devices. The candidate will work closely with Apple’s Biocompatibility team to define analytical testing methods that will be used to determine the biocompatibility of materials, drive test plans, and drive selection of safer materials. Key Qualifications Industry experience performing qualitative and quantitative material characterization in a GLP and/or GMP laboratory Ability to design, perform, and interpret analytical testing to characterize a wide range of materials Demonstrated knowledge of modern analytical techniques including HPLC, LC-MS and wet chemistry techniques Familiar with material chemistry on a broad range of metals, plastics, leathers, adhesives, paints, and coatings Excellent communication and presentation skills to technical and non-technical audiences Demonstrated ability to excel in a fast-paced, schedule-driven environment Description This position is offered in Apple's Environmental Technologies group within Apple's Hardware Engineering division. Our mission is to deliver the world's leading programs on the elimination of hazardous substances, improved material and energy efficiency, as well as design for environment. Apple believes that major improvements in environmental performance can be delivered through product design innovations. The candidate will be responsible for analytical testing method development and validation. Responsibilities include sample preparation, running the LC-MS, analyze and interpretation of data to accurately characterize the material. The candidate will also participate in the evaluation and recommendation of new equipment and technologies to help expand the lab. The candidate will act as a subject matter expert on analytical techniques for non volatiles. Education PhD in chemistry or related degree with 2+ years related analysis and laboratory experience preferably in industry, OR a MS degree in chemistry or related degree with 4+ years of relevant industrial experience 