 Cell Qualification Engineer Job Number: 55201105 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this role you will utilize your skills as a validation engineer to develop test plans to validate battery cells for next generation consumer electronic products. Responsibilities include interpreting cell specifications, developing validation plans, reviewing and approving battery cell designs, performing validation tests and analyzing and reporting test results. You will work with suppliers to co-develop, manage and analyze testing at the supplier locations in concert with testing in Cupertino. Key Qualifications Experience in battery cell development and/or design, testing and qualification. •Knowledge of Lithium-based battery technologies and charging methods. •Strong understanding of battery test equipment and use and appropriate application. (Meters, data-loggers, power supplies, cycle testers e.g. Maccor, Potentiostats, Galvanostat, Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) etc.) •Knowledge of industry safety and reliability standards and design techniques for insuring robust and manufacturable designs •Perform engineering calculations to develop specifications, test planning, and interpretation of results. •Relies on data to justify technical decisions •Ability to clearly explain technical issues •Knowledge in statistical analysis. •Specific experience with portable consumer electronic products or large format batteries will be an advantage but not a must for deserving candidates. Description •Writes validation plans and test procedures to verify conformance to the design requirements based on supplied product specifications •Reviews and reports internal validation data. •Conducts and prepares DOEs to investigate battery cell product performance. •Plan, design, and perform electrical and physical testing of battery cells. •Test Lithium-ion battery cells using cell cycling equipment (Maccor) •Design/write cycling equipment scripts to evaluate battery performance. •Direct abuse (short circuit, overcharge, etc.), UN (shipping), environmental tests, mechanical shock and vibration. •Collect, organize, process, and analyze large quantities of cell test data to evaluate performance and summarize data in test reports •Conduct failure analysis and postmortem to determine battery cell failure modes and mechanisms that limit cell performance •Writes, plans, co-develops procedures and analyzes data for validation activities at vendor sites. •Reviews and approves design requirements Education BS (MS or higher preferred) Degree in engineering or material science 