 Natural Language Processing &amp; Machine Learning Engineer Job Number: 58075942 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Ever wanted to work on core natural language processing and applied machine learning with special focus on the languages of the world? Be a part of Cloud Services Localization and contribute to some of the most challenging problems in NLP and machine learning applied to various languages. You will have a chance to work on and contribute to multiple Apple products and services using core NLP and ML behind the scenes including Siri, OS X/iOS SDKs, Maps to name a few. Apple is looking for a highly motivated software developer with background in language technologies like text mining, information retrieval, speech processing and language modeling. This position gives you an opportunity to apply your problem solving skills to challenging problems in natural language processing across different languages. Key Qualifications Strong Java/C/C++ programming skills Knowledge of or experience building production quality and large scale deployment of applications related to natural language processing and machine learning. Knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms and be able to apply them in data driven natural language processing techniques. Ability to quickly prototype ideas / solutions and perform critical analysis and using creative approaches for solving complex problems. Excellent communication skills. Description - Apply knowledge of natural language processing algorithms and machine learning for development of key iOS and OS X features. - Develop tools, processes and metrics to help build high quality linguistic resources for use in OS X and iOS components. - Develop core platform technologies required for NLP for various languages. - Bring creative ideas for existing and future Apple products/services and leverage the power of large amount of data to solve complex NLP and machine learning problems. - Work with teams across Apple to adopt their frameworks and technologies whenever appropriate and contribute back whenever necessary. - Design, develop and deploy software solutions that impacts millions of Apple customers. 