 Motion Sensing Hardware Characterization Engineer Job Number: 112916693 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This individual will be responsible for characterizing, validating, and qualifying motion and environmental sensors and sensing systems. Applicant must be familiar with electro-mechanical systems and experiment design. This position is hands on and lab oriented, requiring a self-driven engineer with great initiative. The Motion Sensing Hardware Team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people and cutting edge technologies. This team defines and integrates MEMS, magnetic and capacitive sensors across a variety of Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, Watch, and MacBooks. Engineering excellence and thoroughness are expected and encouraged. Invention and patent creation are expected and supported. The main goal of this sensing technology team at Apple is to push the envelope of design and ship innovative products with best-in-class technologies and user experiences. Key Qualifications 2+ years of hands-on experience and proven track record in electro-mechanical system characterization, programming, and troubleshooting. Advanced skills with standard EE tools (scopes, meters, etc.), circuit bring-up, and troubleshooting. Fundamental knowledge and intuition in physics, mechanical engineering, and electrical engineering. Proficient in software tools and/or scripting to automate test sequencing, data collection, and data analysis (Matlab, Python, C, bash, etc.). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. The willingness and ability to travel are required. Description Core Responsibilities: Turn-on, characterize, and stress sensors and integrated systems while evaluating performance and reliability under varying environmental conditions. Diagnose engineering issues with true scientific method driving to definitive root cause. Identify, create, and document new sensing system metrics that deliver performance and matter to customer perception. Develop measurement methods and equipment that are repeatable, reproducible, and automated as appropriate to enable thorough validation coverage of sensors on tight development schedules. Support engineering build activities with performance validation measurements, yield optimization, and failure analysis. Performance matching across multiple sources for sensors. Travel to supplier facilities and manufacturing sites for production validation and issues resolution. Create and help improve engineering requirements specifications for sensors. Prepare and deliver presentations to clearly communicate validation and qualification status, risks and mitigation strategies for sensing systems. Education Requires a Bachelor degree in mechanical or electrical engineering, physics, computer science, or related field. 