 Product Cost Analyst - WW Procurement Finance Job Number: 113076042 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join the Apple Finance organization and make a positive impact on a company that is known for its impressive lineup of products, including iPhone, iPad, Portables and Desktops. At Apple you’ll share in a commitment to excellence by partnering with world-class managers, all with one unified vision – creating innovative products that delight customers. Finance is about “fueling innovation”. We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity, personal accountability, teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. The WW Product Cost group provides analytical support for critical cost data including standard costs and actual costs for Apple. You will be responsible for the monthly consolidation of all component costs for the creation of finish goods purchase orders. You will partner with multiple Global Supply Managers, Business Operations Team members, and CMs to successfully complete monthly responsibilities. This position requires a strong, highly organized individual who can problem solve, manage multiple deliverables and work as part of a team. The candidate must possess exceptional analytical, interpersonal and communication skills. He/She needs the ability to work with minimal supervision, while performing a variety of complex and non-routine tasks and effectively deal with ambiguity and uncertainty. Key Qualifications High degree of business and financial acumen Very detail oriented and able to handle vast amounts of data efficiently and accurately Ability to partner and influence cross-functionally at all levels of the organization Proven analytical and creative problem solving skills Ability to communicate with and explain financial concepts to non-finance people Demonstrated drive for success and a passion for growth and development Ability to simultaneously focus on the near and long term aspects of the business Highly organized; maintain the highest level of accuracy 3-5 years business planning, operations and/or financial planning and analysis experience Description Primary responsibilities are: Setting worldwide monthly purchase order costs including analysis and commentary on variances Auditing special purchase price variance claims. BOM management and coordination with OEMs worldwide to validate commodity costs. Ad Hoc analysis and support for the Business Operations team Working with cross functional business partners to ensure that costs for key commodities are accurately captured. This position provides an excellent opportunity to learn about Operations Finance from the ground up. Strong Excel and Filemaker skills desired; SAP and Tableau are also a plus Education Preferred candidate must have an undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, or Economics with a minimum of three to five years relevant work experience or equivalent combination of experience. 