 Daily Services Coordinator Job Number: 113204935 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Responsible for scheduling Daily service work request with business units, coordinating with Office Furniture Service team members and vendors, validating work request service requirements to ensure accuracy, validating parts lists per work request, and communicating status updates to requesters. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience with modular furniture installations or moving services with an emphasis on providing the best possible service in a demanding environment. Candidate must have and demonstrate the following: •Demonstrated ability to plan and prioritize tasks in a self-directed work environment and maintain high levels of productivity. •Extremely detail oriented. •Strong customer service and problem solving aptitude. •The ability to communicate effectively and provide direction to contractors and vendors performing services for the company. •Manages time efficiently with demonstrated ability to multi-task. •Familiarity with Mac platform and Microsoft Office programs. •Strong analytical and problem solving abilities. •Must work well under pressure in a demanding environment .Strong verbal and written communication skills . Description •Receive, triage and schedule Daily Service work requests for specific requesters, including but not limited to event set-ups, modular furniture installation, employee moves, and ergonomic furniture delivery and installation. •Coordinate product pull lists with warehouse staff to meet required schedule dates. •Coordinate with furniture design team to ensure accuracy of furniture design drawings. •Identify, review, and validate, required ordered product per work request. •Schedule and direct work request activities of multiple vendors. •Provide direction to vendors as needed and ensures vendors comply with Apple policies and procedures. •Ensure building standards are maintained. •Identifies opportunities for increased efficiencies and cost savings. Education Some college, technical training or equivalent work experience required. 