 Planner, Interactive Job Number: 55565129 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Interactive Planner works with the Head of Interactive Strategy and Marcom interactive leadership to provide bold vision and clear strategic direction to Apple’s interactive communications. Key Qualifications • Extensive strategic experience in the interactive space. • Experience leading strategic conversations with divergent teams of people. • Ability to develop and guide qualitative and quantitative research projects. Experience drawing information and insight from analytics data, usability studies and user interviews. A keen interest in emerging trends and new digital platforms. Ability to partner with highly skilled and experienced UX designers, visual designers, developers and copywriters. Ability to develop productive relationships with partners across Apple. Great writing, visual storytelling and presentation skills. Ability to moderate a creative workshop. Ability to react and iterate quickly to new information and creative direction. Description The Interactive Planner will play an integral role in the Planning function by partnering with interactive Creative Directors and Producers, and Marcom creative leadership. With a clear vision backed by research and experience, the Interactive Planner provides strategic leadership, insightful briefs, customer/market/business context, and a great working partnership. The Interactive Team is responsible for designing all interactive components of Apple’s marketing communications, of which apple.com is at the heart. The Interactive Planner will be a key resource for this group, and the role will report to the Head of Interactive Strategy. This role will be integral to helping shape the future of Apple’s Interactive marketing communications. Education Bachelor's degree preferred. Additional Requirements 7-10+ years of planning experience at a reputable creative agency or related field. 