 Full Stack Distributed Experience Prototyper Job Number: 112933371 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Technology Investigation team is creating new user experiences with emerging technologies to delight and enrich the lives of Apple’s customers. We're looking for an experienced and driven prototype engineer specializing in distributed systems, games and/or simulation infrastructures. Key Qualifications Specialized skills: Demonstrated expertise in rapid development of networked systems, protocols, server infrastructures and hosting environments Strong experience in architecture and implementation of realtime distributed data consistency (e.g., multi-player games, simulations, etc.) Expertise and facility setting up and managing databases Familiarity with backend and frontend web technologies (mobile and desktop), APIs, and databases Experience in implementation of media storage, compression and streaming including WebRTC. Knowledge of tradeoffs and utility of latest media transport algorithms. Experience with realtime transport Core engineering skills: Excellent understanding of software engineering techniques, methodologies and practices Comfortable with scripting as well as middle level programming languages (C++, Objective C, C#) Familiarity with Mac OSX, iOS and Xcode Strong communication and teamwork skills Passion for the customer, user experience and actioning user feedback Attention to detail and the ability to master new applications and technologies quickly Ability to thrive in a collaborative working environment within your team and beyond Description You have a deep attention to detail and performance. You love to create ground breaking systems. You rapidly prototype systems, integrating new technologies to create new customer experiences involving 3D graphics, networking, databases and natural interactions. You are curious and love working with the most creative and talented people in the industry. Education BS in Computer Science or related field. Advanced degree preferred. 5+ years industry experience. Additional Requirements Knowledge of iOS frameworks, Objective-C and Swift is a plus Experience with image processing, computer vision, 3D reconstruction is a plus 