 Sr. Network Security Engineer Job Number: 56835098 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Apr. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary *** This position can be located in Sunnyvale, CA / Austin, TX / or possibly remote.*** # The Job Conduct architecture security review, application testing, and penetration testing modeled after real world attackers (i.e., exploit and pivot). This role is for a subject matter expert in network technologies and network security as applied to large multi-site LANs, global area networks, CDNs, and SDNs, especially in support of multi-tenant containerization and virtualization environments, as well as hybrid (datacenter &amp; cloud) network architecture. Expertise in security implications and protections around IPv6 is a strong plus. # The Team Our scope includes everything from customer applications like iCloud and iTunes, to enterprise services like retail payment systems that support our physical and online storefronts. We work cross-functionally with teams Apple wide providing security consulting services and driving new security initiatives. Our talented team of security professionals is a key to our success. Key Qualifications Experience with network device configuration (e.g. IOS, JunOS), network architecture (e.g. BGP, dynamic routing, service catalogs and asset management), and network automation Experience with hybrid (datacenter &amp; cloud) network architecture, configuration, and technologies; especially of common cloud service offerings Experience with Software Defined Networking technologies and IPv6 preferred Experience with virtual private network technologies and configurations Experience manually testing web applications or enterprise penetration testing Experience with a scripting language (e.g. perl, python, PHP, ruby) and a programming language (e.g. JAVA, Objective C) Proficiency in either Mac OS X and/or other flavors of UNIX Ability to explain basic networking concepts (routing, ACL, load balancers, SSL/TLS, TCP) in order to provide application architecture feedback Background in web application development and/or code auditing strongly preferred Strong verbal &amp; written communication skills Passion for discovering and researching new vulnerabilities and exploitation techniques Description Conduct security architecture review of complex corporate and datacenter network deployments, virtual private network architecture, as well as software defined network technologies supporting cloud and emerging technologies. Conduct manual application security testing and source code auditing for a variety of technologies. Provide clear and detailed risk assessment and remediation guidelines for developers and business owners. Conduct penetration testing targeting critical Apple data, services, and environments. Report underlying security issues and propose enhanced security protections. Other responsibilities include: • Security research on the latest best practices, trends, threats and vulnerabilities, and technology frameworks • Documenting and disseminating security guidelines for common security issues, remediation guidance, and security technology baselines • Develop tools and exploits to support application security review and/or penetration testing Education Prefer: BS in Computer Engineering with specialization in Information Security or 4+ years of equivalent, hands-on information security experience in a large enterprise environments a plus. 