 GPU Performance Automation Engineer Job Number: 113160526 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s GPU Software team provides the graphics software foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and Apple Watch. Our responsibilities encompass the frameworks, developer tools, and device drivers for the GPU and Display on all of Apple’s hardware. This team recently announced Metal 2 which provides near-direct access to the graphics processing unit (GPU), enabling you to maximize the graphics and compute potential of apps on iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Building upon an efficient low-overhead architecture with precompiled shaders, fine-grained resource control, and multithreading support, Metal 2 further boosts performance by enabling the GPU to take more control of the rendering pipeline. Moving beyond just graphics, Metal 2 provides deep support for GPU-accelerated machine learning and offers enhanced developer tools that make it even easier to debug, optimize, and deploy Metal apps. On Mac, Metal 2 adds support for virtual reality (VR) rendering and external GPUs, and provides new APIs and optimizations to help developers embrace these emerging technologies within their apps. Key Qualifications • Excellent communication skills and team player • Experience with Python and Bash • Solid UNIX fundamentals • Excellent debugging and problem-solving skills • Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work accordingly Description The Tools and Performance, Analysis and Automation Team is responsible for the quality of GPU tools that are integrated into Xcode. Responsibilities span the software development lifecycle from planning early feature testing all the way to pre-release validation. The team closely collaborates with other teams such as driver and frameworks to ensure the tools are supported across the range of released and pre-released hardware. We are looking for a first class Quality Engineer. Responsibilities include test planning of feature development, task planning, and tracking the day-to-day progress of issues found during development within the GPU Software Team. A successful candidate will have experience in testing both hands-on and through automated systems. Additional experience with large data sets and a tenacity to see patterns is a plus. Education Technical BS/MS degree Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 