 Audio Engineering Project Specalist (EPS) Job Number: 113119773 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Engineering Program Management Team is looking for a resourceful, energetic Engineering Project Specialist (EPS) who will be responsible for managing key areas of HW Engineering programs with exposure to cross-functional teams and overseas vendors. Interface with Engineering Project Managers, Product Design, Worldwide Product Configuration Management, Operations and Contract Manufacturers to manage the risks associated with early manufacturing builds. Manage project-related communications; escalate key issues and present options for resolution to the cross-functional teams. Create Purchase Requisitions, maintain invoice tracking, posting Goods Receipts and participating in quarterly finance audits and complying with SOX regulations. Support system and module level build material and ensure delivery to JDM partners. Manage logistics of parts for builds and prototypes. Drive timely part releases and corresponding documentation. Maintain schedules for the delivery of vendor parts. Work on multiple projects, simultaneously. Key Qualifications Understanding of basic BOM components (preferably for hardware products and AGILE) Experience managing, organizing and maintaining large quantities of data Detail oriented accuracy Excellent communication (written and verbal) Proficient in MS Excel Unparalleled multi tasking abilities Top notch critical thinking skillset Ability to react to resets and changes in a time sensitive environment Experience with overseas vendors Description Create, manage and expedite Engineering Change Orders, Manufacturer Change Orders and Deviations Create and maintain BOM's (Bill of Materials,) AML's (Approved Manufacturer's List) and part numbers for multiple projects Communicating BOM status within the development team Create and maintain Development Build Matrix, Allocation Database and iTrack CTB / Material Readiness activities Excess materials management Log and track expenses against all assigned standard PO's as well as Approved Releases against all assigned BPO's (Blanket Purchase Orders) Assist EM's and EPM's with quarterly budget forecasting Education BA/BS degree or 3+ years of industry experience 