 iOS Build Engineering Project Manager Job Number: 56361552 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Does shipping an OS to hundreds of millions of users appeal to you? Be part of the team that ships iOS to the world! The SWE team is looking for an individual with strong OS fundamentals, excellent communication skills, and a desire to join an amazing team who ships OS' that drive the iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Apple Watch. Every individual on our team makes a clear difference to the product. This role includes responsibility for: - converge on developer seeds and customer shipping software by managing source changes for nightly builds - daily release of the iOS and related builds - identifying, escalating, and communicating key issues - developing strategies for improving build release process - driving for resolutions on build issues with engineering teams - helping to manage risk in the release endgame leading up to customer launch The ideal candidate will be able to master these responsibilities in our fast paced environment. Outstanding college graduates will be considered as well as experienced project managers. Key Qualifications Self-motivated and pro-active with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a highly matrixed cross-functional capacity Build and Release Engineering/Release Management experience highly desirable Project management experience in software development life cycle highly desirable Unix programming/scripting experience highly desirable Description Coordinate cross functional teams and deliverables and gather requirements for shipping iOS software. Provide daily prioritized information to the build and integration team on upcoming releases. Work with engineering teams to prioritize daily build deliverables for upcoming releases and to triage issues. Prioritize and manage side builds to help isolate and resolve critical software issues. Own the responsibility for delivering beta software for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Apple Watch to customers and developers. This job requires project management skills. Outstanding communication skills to work cross functionally with other organizations is a must. This is a great opportunity for a project manager that is also very interested in the technology or a release engineer who is highly organized and wants to help drive and deliver iOS software. Education BS/MS EE/CS/CE or equivalent. Additional Requirements Any combination of the following requirements would be a major plus: - Experience delivering software on embedded devices - Strong familiarity with OS structure and function, especially OS X or Unix/Linux - Experience with markup languages, perl and/or python a plus - Ability to develop dynamic websites for collecting, analyzing and reporting data 