 Engineering Project Manager, Health Technologies Job Number: 85998243 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Health Technologies group is looking for a Engineering Project Manager (EPM) to lead development efforts for health technology related projects. Key Qualifications Required Experience: 5+ years of project management experience working with development and test engineering teams. Strong track record of on-time project delivery and managing entire project life cycle. Experience working with and managing external test sites and/or managing vendors. Strong organizational and management skills. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Description EPMs are responsible for managing and communicating project definition, development milestones, project schedules, and project status in the development of new products. An EPM must be able to prioritize issues and track the details as well as be in touch with the big picture issues. EPMs must be fearless organizers who are ready to work with the highly skilled hardware, software, mechanical design and industrial design teams to identify and resolve potential risks to the schedule and risks to the quality of data. Success is defined in terms of timeliness of quality data collection. EPMs need to have a strong understanding of engineering feasibility lifecycle - from feasibility definition to data analysis. We are looking for someone who is flexible and can respond quickly, energetically, and enthusiastically to changes. Cross-functional communication skills and experience are essential. The EPM will interact with all engineering design disciplines, data analysis, and additional project management teams. The EPM will be responsible for maintaining communication within the feasibility team; maintaining project schedules; cross-functional organization, communication, and management; creating meetings and documenting action items and progress; reporting and presenting to senior management on project status and schedules. Education B.S. ME/EE/BME degree or equivalent in any engineering discipline. Additional Requirements Ideal experience: 2+ years in consumer products and/or other product development. Project management of feasibility studies or human research background. May travel, approximately 10-20%. 