 Software Engineer, Data Engineering Job Number: 53959194 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 28, 2017 Job Summary Apple’s Advertising Platforms enable publishers, developers and advertisers to reach hundreds of millions of Apple users worldwide. Ad Platforms enable promotion and monetization for publishers through advertising in Apple News, and iOS app developers through Search Ads in the App Store. The technology and services that power our Ad Platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while vigilantly protecting user privacy. We are looking for a self-motivated individual who can thrive in an Agile environment. You will be designing high-performing, scalable software solutions that will handle billions of transactions every day. Key Qualifications Minimum of 5 years experience in code and test major features, as well as work jointly with other team members to deliver complex changes Experience with high throughput and scaleable applications. 5+ years of experience in Java Programming (design &amp; architecture, algorithms). Designing and implementing systems to process Terabytes to Petabytes of data using Hadoop. Experience with MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, HBase Or Cassandra. Experience with Oracle 10g, 11g databases. Python and Bash Scripting Experience is a plus. Experience with Analytical Tools is a plus. Experience with Flume and Oozie is a plus. Experience working closely with operational teams on deployment, monitoring, management concerns Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams. Prior experience in advertising industry is a huge plus Description We are looking for a skilled Software Engineer to be part of a dynamic team building high performance and scalable applications. Candidate will be responsible for the following: * Implement scalable Hadoop based data processing infrastructure. * Build modular components in the large volume data movement and management. * Work with architects in implementing the data pipeline. Education BS in computer science or equivalent field with 3+ years relevant experience. Advanced degree preferred. 