 Lead CAD Support Engineer Job Number: 113114039 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple ECAD Engineering Solutions team is looking for a CAD Support Engineer, responsible for supporting, training and guiding the Apple hardware engineering teams The candidate will be working with the Apple Hardware designers to resolve their day to day design issues. They should be proficient in debugging issues. They should also be able to translate design flows in training courses and deliver them effectively. This individual should be experienced in developing training on a variety of technical concepts including (but not limited to) PCB design flow. Candidate should also be proficient in delivering knowledge through eLearning tools and measure its effectiveness to improve the overall experience. Good communication skills are essential. They should be able to present clearly and concisely, both in-person and via written instructions procedures. Key Qualifications Proficient in using linux shell commands, shell programming. Knowledge of OS X and MAC Experience using Perforce Tcp/ip networking knowledge/troubleshooting Experience delivering and creating training courses Works well with others in a team environment Experience using SQL database Good knowledge of PCB Design tools especially, Allegro and Concept. Knowledge and understanding of training development and delivery Customer facing experience and excellent communication skills Good debugging ability for understanding the root cause of the issue Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Knowledge of Confluence is a plus Description The day to day responsibilities would include handling Allegro and Signal Integrity issues faced by the hardware engineers. He/she would also assist in training users in Apple’s custom automation for Cadence. He/she will work closely with other engineering groups to help them use the tools in new ways to solve their issues. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent. Experience in developing and delivering CAD training is a plus. Experience with using Linux. 