 Content Strategist - AppleCare Content Services Job Number: 86315307 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Content Services is looking for an experienced Content Strategist to take our content from good to amazing. The ideal candidate uses reporting and analysis to help produce the content our customers need. You will also help to align the content strategy across channels so that the entire team is working towards the same goals. The result is creative solutions that ensure our support experience is as great as our products. Key Qualifications Minimum of 5+ years related experience with a Bachelor's degree in Communication, online analytics or human computer interaction preferred Exceptional communication and project management abilities Amazing research, analytical, and decision-making skills An understanding of support contact center processes and the application of knowledge and communications within them Experience with CMS and ticketing systems Demonstrated ability to juggle multiple tasks for several projects at the same time, often on short timelines Working knowledge iWork and/or Microsoft Office Familiarity with the use of taxonomy for content management Familiarity with SEO Description As a Content Strategist, you'll move fluidly from the big picture to the smallest detail. You'll use your strong analysis skills to make sure content optimization efforts are tightly aligned with customer needs. If they aren't, you'll identify content gaps and low performing areas and prioritize those for improvements. A great candidate will bring together analytically-derived ideas and a deep understanding of the content and how people find, consume, and digest it. Excellent written communication skills and an open, collaborative attitude will ensure your success when you engage content writers, approvers, and engineering experts with creative, research-based content plans that shape content structure, visuals, and tone. •Serve the needs of Apple’s customers by making support content easier to find, use and understand •Synthesize requests and inputs from a variety of sources into a cohesive content plan •Combine data analysis and creative thinking to develop the best approach for content optimization •Use data to prioritize when we create/update content and recommend strategies to make our content more effective •Review data and content plans with marketing, writing and engineering teams •Lead conversations with content stakeholders to find consensus and create timelines for content change and creation •Track key KPIs to measure content effectiveness and develop improvement plans as needed •Build and maintain strong partnerships with marketing, legal, engineering, production/writing/editorial, and retail teams •Communicate project status regularly to senior managers Education Bachelor's degree in communication, online analytics, or human-computer interaction is preferred. 