 Senior Data Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113187142 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking a highly skilled Data Integrity engineer to join the Data Engineering team within Apple Media Products. AMP (home to Apple Music, App Store, iTunes and more) has some of the most compelling data in the world. We are looking for a talented engineer who is motivated by challenging problems and well versed with data integrity and big data technologies. This is a unique opportunity to join a focused team and work collaboratively with other groups to make a significant impact. Key Qualifications Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and understand requirements on characteristics, thoroughness and correctness of the datasets used in reporting and analytics. Experience in programming languages such as Python, Groovy, Java, Scala. Proficiency with databases and SQL is required. Expertise in developing automation pipelines to validate the quality and integrity of data. Aptitude to independently learn new technologies. Experience in data profiling and identifying anomalies is a plus Experience in defining test cases from requirements document is a plus Description As a member of the Data Engineering team, you will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping it’s future direction. This role is inherently cross functional and the ideal candidate will work across disciplines. We are looking for someone with a love for data quality and the integrity of data. This position involves working on a small team to develop large scale automation pipelines. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, as well as a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems. 