 Business Analyst Job Number: 113211543 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Would you like to work in an energizing environment where your abilities will be challenged on a day-to-day basis? If you are passionate about innovating to deliver insights through large-scale data solutions, Apple Global Business Intelligence team is looking for a Business Analyst. Work with a team of committed Data Warehouse Analytics professionals, applying your standout combination of intuition for business and technical knowledge. Apple's Enterprise Data Warehouse landscape caters to a wide variety of real-time, near real-time and batch analytical solutions. These solutions are integral parts of Apple’s business functions in areas like Sales, Operations, Finance, Apple Care, Marketing and Internet Services, enabling business drivers to make critical decisions. The GBI Business Analyst maintains a strong awareness of the processes and systems utilized by the business teams they partner with. This person is responsible for collaborating with business partners to understand their needs, presenting solution options, and participating in the selection, planning and delivery of solutions. A blend of business and technical acumen coupled with project management discipline is important to the success of this role. Key Qualifications Extensive understanding of global corporate business processes and their relationship to technology Hands-on experience engineering and documenting process flows. Expertise with Tableau or other data visualization tools. Hands-on experience leading small, medium, and large scale technology projects. Excellent problem solving abilities Effectively coordinates work and communication across disparate groups of individuals and levels in the organization. Thrives in a dynamic environment, maintaining poise and a positive attitude. Demonstrate strong understanding of development processes and agile methodologies Ability to communicate complex technical solutions to non-technical users. Possess a very high degree of natural curiosity to drive the next levels of business questions and insights. Demonstrates resilience an adaptability in the midst of ambiguity to drive business impacting change. Experience with or advance courses on data science and machine learning is a plus Description Identify analytics opportunities that will shape the future of the GBI team by explaining methodology to business users, implementing analysis and interpreting results. Work with a team of developers who execute quick turn and long lead analytics projects that provide insights into our customers and business trends. Partner with business owners to understand specific requirements for analysis of data. Define and analyze your client organization’s strategy, direction, and structure. Lead the development of models and tools to allow for insightful analysis. Identify and document system deficiencies and recommend solutions. Publish and communicate results, ensuring timely and accurate reports are delivered to the teams. Need to be able to work in a rapidly changing environment, perform effectively under dynamic conditions such as directional changes, tight deadlines and limited resources. Organizational skills and the ability to multi-task are important. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience preferred. Apple is an equal opportunity employer 