 Senior Big Data Platform Developer - Maps Software Team Job Number: 58226521 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Map Infrastructure Team builds rapid deployment systems which are the foundation for many customer facing solutions for our millions of awesome customers. This is an exciting role for someone who loves "Big Data" and has experience building solutions around a Service-Oriented Architecture. Everyday, we bring our new ideas to the table, and we are excited to create solutions for the Apple Maps Developer Communities. Key Qualifications Experience with architecting, designing and developing Big-Data processing pipelines Proficiency in MapReduce development and experience with Hadoop or other data processing technologies required Understanding of large scale distributed system architectures Passionate about analyzing and fixing performance bottlenecks Performance Metrics Reporting Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented design features Java programming experience Description As a member of our team, you will architect, design and build Big-Data Frameworks that automate the creation of self-service data structures. These dynamic solutions provide abstraction layers to our users which enable them to iterate on new features in a continuous integration pipeline. We are part of a larger Maps organization which strives to provide frameworks and tools for developers. As daily activities in this role, you will: Recommend best practices of architectural and design performance for distributed big data systems. Provide infrastructure and service team members solutions for efficient data-processing and data delivery. Build a framework to orchestrate a "Big-Data" Processing pipeline which many teams can access. Build tools to optimize and automate the trouble-shooting of map-reduce jobs. Be part of a team which works quickly to deploy necessary solutions as requested. Education BS/MS or anyone with relevant industry experience will be considered Additional Requirements Nice to have, but not necessary: Apache Kafka and Crunch experience Python and Scala programming 