 Commerce Engineer, Apple Media Products (New York City) Job Number: 113028813 New York City, New York, United States Posted: Sep. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Media Products Commerce Engineering team is looking for an experienced, talented and self-motivated software engineer to lead several data architecture and technical compliance efforts across the commerce landscape. Join our exciting engineering team that has been leading the digital distribution industry by constantly developing innovative features to grow and expand the iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks Store and services such as Apple Music. The position requires someone comfortable with all aspects of the software design lifecycle and experienced with high performance distributed systems. If you thrive in a dynamic cross-functional environment and are able to pivot with constantly evolving requirements and new technologies, you’ll love it here. Key Qualifications 5-10 years of relevant work experience designing, implementing, and supporting highly scalable and highly reliable applications and web services. Extreme attention to detail and ability to self-audit work Exceptional Java and object-oriented programming skills In-depth knowledge of relational database systems (Oracle preferred) as well as NoSQL data stores and data modeling Familiarity with data privacy and data protection regulations and standards Description Customer privacy is very important at Apple and we take tremendous care in how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store the information of our customers. You will lead an engineering team within Apple Media Products (AMP) Commerce Engineering to develop technical solutions to global data privacy regulations covering several areas including data access/consent and data retention. You will work cross-functionally with several teams including Apple-wide program management, legal and privacy, anti-fraud, big data and data warehousing, design, UI, operations, and production support on designing, building or enhancing scalable systems that are used across the commerce data landscape. You will be challenged to manage, evolve, and invent new features to address ever-changing regulations. In addition, you must master new technology quickly, be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, have a “can-do” attitude. Superior negotiating skills and excellent communication skills will be critical in this role. Education BS in Computer Science/Software Engineering or equivalent. MS preferred. 