 RCC Contact Center Coach Job Number: 113065183 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This position is responsible for implementing coaching strategies that will ensure quality of the customer experience and work to close performance gaps. This individual needs to be a detail-oriented self starter with exceptional leadership skills. In this role, you will be asked to analyze business trends and strategically partner with management to drive business performance. You will also need to be able to work collaboratively and consult with business partners across the organization. This role is located onsite in Austin, Texas. Key Qualifications Passion for Apple products and services; Proven track record in delivering exceptional customer service; Ability to build strong relationships with business partners; Strong attention to detail and exceptional time management skills; Experience analyzing data, identifying trends and reporting results; Ability to assess learning needs and identify performance gaps; Self motivated to create new approaches and solutions; Experience building and delivering presentations; Excellent presentation/facilitation skills; Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills; Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously; Ability to work with confidential information; Unwavering commitment to producing high-quality outcomes; Prior management or coaching experience preferred. Description Responsibilities include: -Analyze phone and chat contacts and evaluate performance; identify trends impacting the customer experience and report key findings to management. -Assess performance of new agents and report progress to business partners. -Attend regular meetings with team supervisors and area managers to understand business challenges and performance gaps of teams and/or individuals. -Develop innovative coaching notes and activities that address performance gaps. -Advocate for and influence the adoption of effective management and leadership strategies that drive business performance. -Create and lead workshops in support of performance improvement strategies. -Support quality efforts that enable the delivery of an exceptional customer experience. -Continuously develop and maintain a strong understanding of supported frontline roles and responsibilities. -Evaluate the effectiveness of coaching initiatives and adjust as necessary. Education BA/BS preferred 