 Senior Automation QA Engineer Job Number: 52781584 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Technology Investigation team is looking for a Senior Automation Quality Engineer to enhance our testing capabilities for new and exciting technologies. As a member of our fast-paced group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to be part of and shape upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day. Key Qualifications Excellent knowledge of software development lifecycle, test methodologies and tools and, passion for quality processes. Experience or demonstrated ability in working in an automated testing pipeline (integration + system + functional + use case validation) driven by a Continuous Integration framework. Ability to define/design/develop/maintain test automation frameworks. Experience with Continuous Integration tools (e.g. Jenkins). Experience in C/C++/Obj-C and scripting languages (e.g. Python). Strong organizational and communication skills. 5+ years of relevant experience. Experience with macOS, iOS and Xcode. Description In this role, the Senior Automation QA Engineer will design and maintain automation frameworks used in the testing of computer vision algorithms and applications. This involves close collaboration in a cross-functional team of Software Development &amp; QA engineers, architects, project managers and other Apple QA teams. Responsibilities include defining and implementing the automation framework, monitoring CI performance &amp; test results analysis, maintaining databases for test cases and test results, use case validation, evaluating and reporting current quality of existing technologies and new features, developing and maintaining test tools. Education BS or MS in CS/CE or equivalent experience is expected Additional Requirements Demonstrated ability in increasing functional test coverage (UI, API). Demonstrated ability in enhancing test frameworks (scalability, reliability). Experience in test automation frameworks that involve HW &amp; SW subsystem. 