 Optical Sensor Characterization Engineer Job Number: 46967782 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 3, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a key member of the Core Sensing Devices team, you will be responsible for the modeling, characterization, and optimization of pixels, in-pixel circuits, and development of new sensors. In your new role, you will be at the center of efforts to develop new image sensing technology, and you will engage with cross-functional teams working on many aspects of system, module, circuit, and device development. Key Qualifications 5+ years of relevant experience in the design, implementation, and use of electro-optical characterization setups for imaging systems. Hands-on experience in lab instrumentation and automation. Experience in analog/mixed-signal circuit characterization with emphasis on optical/image sensors and data converters. Proficiency in modeling and data analysis tools (e.g. MATLAB) with advanced math skills. Ability to develop or adapt software/firmware for characterization purposes. Hands-on experience in board-level design and FPGAs (HDL). Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Ideal candidates are familiar with image sensor technology, image sensor performance metrics, image sensor usage, and integration into camera systems. Description As a Optical Sensor Characterization Engineer, your core responsibilities will be: Development and implementation of new characterization methods and equipment. Development and validation of sensor specifications to engage with internal and external partners. Collaborating with global image sensor suppliers to develop new image sensors for different applications. Developing and implementing new characterization methods and equipment. Documenting and presenting your results to both internal and external engineering teams. Working with internal and external teams to assure that sufficient and correct testing is implemented at all stages to guarantee performance. Cross-functional collaboration to develop next generation imaging products and features. Education MSc/PhD in physics, electrical engineering, or a similar discipline 