 Sr. Software Engineer, iOS Systems Carrier Services Team Job Number: 113192539 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The iOS Systems Carrier Services team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to drive our application services and API technology. The Carrier Services team is responsible for iPhone sales and provisioning in Apple Retail Stores and Apple Online Store through integration with the major US wireless carriers' web services. Key Qualifications Extensive experience in enterprise systems, software design and development; Working knowledge of the full SW development lifecycle Deep understanding of Object Oriented and SOA design concepts; Current experience developing and delivering RESTful application services and APIs from a Java based platform. Able to analyze business requirements and architect efficient solutions Solid Java background Strong knowledge of concurrency, scalability and fault tolerant designs Solid understanding of data modeling and database systems including Oracle, NOSQL, etc. Well versed with the use of XML, JSON and REST services Solid knowledge of applications performance improvement techniques Working knowledge of source control software (SVN or Git) Experience with build and deployment tools, e.g., Maven Description This is a hands-on role in the development of software systems to support existing and new product features. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and results-oriented person who enjoys working with cross-functional teams. You will make critical architectural decisions affecting application design. You will recommend and deploy tools and processes to enable rapid application design, development, testing and deployment. Requirements: • 5+ years of experience in designing and developing large-scale applications using Java and Java EE technologies • In-depth knowledge of Object Oriented Design and Core Java • In-depth knowledge of technologies such as Web Services, XML, JSON, HTTP, SSL, TCP/IP, Caching • Experience with Data Modeling, relational databases and NoSQL • Demonstrated expertise in multi-tiered application development, and familiarity with developing large scale and volume based applications • Knowledge in Secure coding 