 Software Engineering Lead Job Number: 113017998 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Job Summary Apple’s Identity Management engineering team is building a number of highly scalable web applications and platform solutions that work across multiple platforms (iOS, OS X, Web) to manage the user identity. We work on many high-impact projects that serve various Apple lines of business. In this Software Engineering Lead position, you will be leading a team of software engineers that are building cutting edge, fast and interactive web applications incorporating the best user experience pat-terns and technologies available. You’ll lead the technical team and work closely with our business stakeholders and other partners to implement new solutions. In this role you will be working with other talent-ed engineering minds across the company working on some of the coolest technologies. This is an exciting role, demanding a strong background in both technology and leadership. Key Qualifications 10+ years of software development experience 5+ years of experience leading engineering teams Strong object oriented programming and design skills Experience with distributed systems and service oriented architectures Knowledge of open source application servers like Tomcat or JBoss Experience with Java (J2EE / J2SE) and related technologies: Spring Framework, JUnit / TestNG Strong knowledge of JavaScript, AJAX, OOJS, JS MVC frameworks Experience with data-driven web development, including strong knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3 Experience in developing highly scalable secure web applications and knowledge of application vulnerabilities such as Cross Site Scripting (XSS), Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) etc. Experience in building RESTful services Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms, design patterns, enterprise architecture and software engineering principles Full-stack development experience a huge plus Good communication and personal skills: ability to interact and work well with members of other functional groups in a project team and a strong sense of project ownership Experience in Scrum and Agile methodologies Description Join Apple’s Identity Management engineering team as a Software Engineering Lead where you will help build innovative software applications. Candidate should have development and implementation experience of large scale mission critical applications while leading a team of talented engineers. Your responsibilities will include all aspects of software development management, from design and analysis to development, implementation and maintenance. You must be a proactive and hardworking individual. As a software engineering lead, you will be a contributing member of a team that implements new product features, improve existing product features, while adding performance and software quality metrics to our codebase. You will work closely with business partners, other engineering teams, quality assurance, management, as well as human interface and user experience designers. DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES ◦Architect creative products, and innovate new technologies &amp; solutions, play a hands-on development and design role, and deliver product in a rapid and dynamic environment ◦Design and develop highly scalable, reliable and secure web applications ◦Design and develop RESTFUL WebServices ◦Collaborate with peers on technical design, work estimation and implementation of new UI features including visualization aspects and server interfaces/contracts. ◦Work with project managers and technical teams, in a cross-functional environment, to implement quality products that meet the business goals. ◦Collaborate with other engineers on code reviews, internal infrastructure, and process enhancements ◦Lead and mentor other engineers in the team ◦Quickly build new ideas to get user feedback ◦Continually improving software development processes and practices ◦This challenging position will require a self-starter who can effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously, meet aggressive dead-lines, and who thrives in a dynamic environment. You can expect a high-profile position on a great team with many challenges and rewards ◦Flexible and works well as part of a fast-paced product development team Education B.S. or M.S in Computer Science or related field 