 Mechanical Design Engineer - Prototype Fixturing Job Number: 112938309 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Our Audio Technologies group is looking for a Mechanical Engineer to support our team’s efforts in new technology integration and scale-up, with a focus on acoustic fixture design. You will partner with acoustic engineers, work with multi-functional teams, direct contract manufacturers and new Apple vendors to explore next generation audio technologies for Apple. We are a diverse team of experienced engineers and creative problem solvers. Our technologies and modules are a core part of nearly every Apple hardware product shipping today. Join us in our ongoing mission to deliver exceptional audio experiences to our customers. Key Qualifications •Minimum 5 years of mechanical part design &amp; manufacturing experience in a high volume production environment; direct experience with jig/fixture design for electro-mechanical assemblies is highly preferred. •Hands-on approach, with technical experience in the areas of mechanical engineering, prototyping, metrology, data analysis, electro-mechanical systems and project leadership. •Skilled in the use of 3D CAD and 2D drafting tools to accurately convey your design concepts (UG/NX, SolidWorks, or similar). •Applied understanding of geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&amp;T), as related to complex electro-mechanical assemblies. •Proficient in the use of data analysis/data visualization tools (MATLAB and JMP, or similar). •Excellent verbal and written communication skills; motivated to both teach and learn from others in a highly technical organization. •Passion to learn about and explore new technologies; ability to adapt quickly to a wide variety of tasks and engineering disciplines. •Knowledge of the following is a plus: Fundamental acoustics &amp; vibration principles Audio measurement software Description You will have responsibilities spanning a broad range of mechanical engineering disciplines. You will be contributing to multiple design projects with contending priorities and different timescales; no two work days will be the same in this role. Here are a few of the things you’ll be responsible for: •Designing innovative new hardware (HW) test jigs &amp; fixtures for our state of the art acoustic test facilities, to support the dynamic development of audio transducer designs and audio system HW technologies. •Drafting detailed CAD, along with high-complexity tolerance analysis of precision mechanical designs. •Authoring all supporting documentation to assist with fixture usability and scalability. •Gathering, managing, and analyzing large data sets, to validate and support your technical design decisions. •Conducting cross-functional design reviews and driving DfM/DfA processes for your designs. •Researching and recommending suitable manufacturing techniques and materials for tooling, jigs and fixtures, for both low volume (in the lab) and high volume (at a contract manufacturing facility) production quantities. •Building strong working relationships across the company, as we develop, evolve and improve metrology capabilities and assembly processes related to audio technology investigations. Education BS/MS in Mechanical Engineering or closely related field. 