 Electrical Design Engineer Job Number: 83824407 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for the design, development, and innovation of camera hardware for all related Apple products such as iPhone, iPad, MacBook and more. Our target is to delivery the superior camera hardware, and best-in-class camera user experience. We are now looking for someone who’s enthusiastic and willing to take the challenges to work with us as an exceptional electrical engineer. Key Qualifications At least 6+ years relevant experience Expertise in electronic design, including component selection, schematic design, and PCB schematic capture with tools like Cadence, Allegro and OrCAD Capture. Experience in circuit modeling tools like SPICE. Extensive experience with EE design for analog and digital circuits, including high-speed video interface, low-speed serial control interfaces, and low-noise analog designs. Extensive experience with EE design and layout for low-noise linear and switching power supply circuits. Knowledge of layout strategies for EMI minimization, signal integrity and low noise. Comfort and ability to use all types of electronic test equipment. Broad knowledge of engineering concepts (device behavior, data analysis, and systems modeling). Ability to manage multiple projects and project types. Demonstrated ability to diagnose and solve performance problems. Great interpersonal skills - the ability to collaborate across groups. Excellent process development and documentation skills. Description Engineering duties include component analysis, silicon specification, schematic design, circuit review, layout review and general debugging. Develop electronic prototypes for new camera features and product concepts. Direct layout and/or supervision of layout for PCB, Flex, and Ceramic substrates. Collaborate closely with camera module design teams. Determine component requirements, and develop schematic designs for new camera modules containing digital image sensors, micro-controllers low-noise power supplies, LED drivers, and high-speed serial interfaces. Author clear and comprehensive electrical test documentation for manufacturing partners to complete electrical test and validation. Simulation, test, and validation of EMI and ESD performance of all designs. Analyze circuit parasitics and tolerances to ensure correct operation over the specified voltage and temperature ranges. Debug EE issues, including power quality, high-speed signal integrity and I2C interface performance. Electrical test and validation of all electrical designs Education BS/MS/PhD in a relevant field (EE, CS or Physics) or equivalent Additional Requirements Experience with PCB layout Familiarity with camera and optics technology Familiarity with CMOS image sensors is helpful, but not required Familiarity with micro-controller and instrument programming Experience using Matlab and/or Labview Occasional travel may be required, but is not a critical component of this position. Proficient verbal and written english language skills. Additional languages a plus to work with partners in respective countries. 