 Maps Data Scientist/Data Product Manager Job Number: 53206745 Santa Clara, California, United States Posted: Dec. 7, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an excellent Data Scientist and Data Product Engineer for Maps Data On-Boarding team who is interested in designing, developing, and fielding state of the art data science and mining solutions that have direct and measurable impact to Apple Maps. We are looking for a skilled, experienced, and motivated Data Scientist with a background in data product engineering. A solid background in data science, data mining and machine learning is required to analyze and mine our extensive database for worldwide business listings, points-of-interest, rich content, and similar local data. A successful candidate should have a verifiable track record in engineering data products as well as working with other teams shipping these. At Apple great ideas come to life through its product and services. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience working on data science projects. Strong understanding of statistics and applications as well as strong working knowledge of machine learning and data mining techniques including hands-on experience with corresponding software libraries and frameworks. Experience with NLP, image classification or deep learning is a plus. Hands-on experience with real world, big data is required. Experience in Apache Hadoop, Spark or other MR frameworks and strong programming skills in Java, Python and/or Scala are expected. Ability to analyze a problem, develop and engineer a full solution from concept to deployment to production. Team player with a long term vision and will to take lead in supporting the overall team goal is a must. Passion for quality and attention to details. Ability to effectively manage your own time with an eye on timely delivery of the final solution. Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills and the ability to present own results to other teams in an engaging way. Description - Apply best practice machine learning and data mining techniques to derive in-depths insights and new data products from points-of-interest data and related information including text and images. - Design and implement workflows for data analytics to gain comprehensive insights into Maps data and it’s usage. - Design and implement various data product prototypes to demonstrate the value of a particular approach. - Propose new data products / features and collaborate with other teams on the overall product and it’s implementation. Education - A degree in Math, Statistics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field is expected. - Advanced degrees are preferred but not required. 