 Camera &amp; Photos - Software Engineer in Test Job Number: 113065563 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. The seamless integration of software and hardware has led to features like Memories and Portrait Mode which deliver experiences that are magical. The Camera &amp; Photos team focuses on user-experience by leveraging computer vision and image processing through machine learning. Our team works hard on products that ship to millions of people. We are looking for people who want to do the same. The Camera &amp; Photos team is seeking a Software Engineer in Test to help ensure that our products are of the highest quality. We are looking for critical thinkers with a sharp eye for detail who would like to play a key role in qualifying the frameworks that support our applications as well as contribute to infrastructure that will help keep our team productive. This position requires a self-motivated individual with strong coding and communication skills with a desire to improve the quality of our software. Key Qualifications You have experiencing developing test automation code in Python or have experience developing medium or larger Python projects You will be developing tools, as necessary, to facilitate testing You have experience designing, documenting, and implementing test suites targeting specific database subsystems (database schema / content, APIs, etc of an application using mySQL You will be creating problem reports when issues arise and tracking them through completion You possess strong written and verbal communication skills, and thrive in a collaborative team environment. Description As a Camera &amp; Photos Software Engineer in Test, you will be responsible for investigating and debugging difficult problems in Camera &amp; Photos software. You are a creative thinker and strong problem solver, and have experience in Python scripting/automation. Given that Camera &amp; Photos creates evolving, cutting-edge solutions, you possesses strong multi-tasking skills and can change focus quickly. Finally, you are a results oriented engineer, who is a self-motivated individual contributor, but understands and embraces the value of teamwork and collaboration. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Nice to Have: Experience writing test automation code in Objective C Experience writing white box / API tests in Objective C Experience with MySQL Thorough knowledge of macOS operating system and applications Experience with web development and related programming QA Testing experience is a strong plus Experience with Swift is a plus Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 