 Enablement Programs Business Intelligence Analyst Job Number: 113125113 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary People here at Apple don't just build products; we create the kind of wonder that's revolutionized entire industries. It's the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspire the innovation that runs through everything we do, from extraordinary technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. As a core part of the Commercial Sales Enablement team, you will help the team find insights that improve how we implement business sales and technical enablement programs to support Apple's reseller partners and ensuring the right content is delivered to the right participants to help them close apple business. Our team works closely with business sales and technical sales managers and the commercial partners in the program to drive the success and keep the technical sales resources highly engaged. We are looking for a results-focused, self-starter who can listen, form insight, drive strategic thought and execute. You will provide a voice that informs the enablement process and business partners to help our team improve program effectiveness and the experience for participants in Apple sales advocacy programs. Key Qualifications High degree of organizational maturity, a talent for working collaboratively in a matrix- responsibility environment and excellent time management and prioritization skills. Flexible and adaptable to running day-to-day program administration, while being systems and process orientated. Excellent data analysis, management, and visualization skills. Able to identify trends and solutions. Informs decisions and makes recommendations grounded in data and analytics. Experienced in the sales, consulting or technology industries; channel sales exposure is helpful. Practical experience in sales program management, business performance analytics, business operations, or change management. A skill for creating great design, excellent presentation, written and verbal communication, engagement and interpersonal skills. Expert in the use of industry-standard data analysis and reporting tools including Tableau and Excel. The ability to learn and understand of Sales Strategy and Sales Process, and a commitment to deliver a great user experience. Excellent project management skills; able to handle numerous projects at a time. Able be focused and to make decisions that move projects forward in and environment with ambiguity. A passion for innovation and a willingness to constantly challenge the status quo. Description You will engage daily with the program and sales teams and lead administrative aspects of programs, while being able to analyze, assess and evaluate program performance. Design a tagging model to enable content usage and effectiveness comparisons. Develop and a partner training and content engagement utilization optimization report. Help finance build incentives and benefits for the program based on data mining Design, build and automate program reporting. Work with sales operations and partners to create monthly dashboards for achievement engagement and events participation. Perform data mining and data analysis to optimize program components. Work with Apple and partner teams to develop iPad based reporting tools that provide drill-down visibility in to seller engagement and sales results. If you are a dynamic professional who can define and measure key performance metrics with partners, while communicating insights and reporting results to them in a timely and visually impactful manner, this is an excellent opportunity for you. Education 7 or more years experience in a sales or training organization or department analyzing program elements and effectiveness combined with sales results. Direct channel technical sales management experience working with business to business reseller and carrier technical resources targeting large business customers is a plus. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affrmative action to o er employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 