 Apple Information Security Project Manager Job Number: 113188333 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an exceptional Information Security Project Manager to support the risk assessment process of applications and systems across Apple. This is a combination of project management and process engineering, hands-on role that requires experience and expertise managing projects and processes related to networks, systems and applications security. We are seeking a highly organized, results-driven Project Manager to drive the risk assessment process and implementation of improvements. Information Security is responsible for managing and mitigating risks faced by Apple to protect its systems, services and data. Our scope includes everything from customer applications to enterprise services like retail payment systems that support our physical and online storefronts. We work cross-functionally with teams Apple wide providing security consulting services and driving new security initiatives. You should be strongly driven by learning new processes. You will be working hand in hand with our security teams and Apple’s project teams to ensure the success of the risk assessment process. If you are passionate about running a process impacting numerous teams on a daily basis, this might be your dream job. The successful candidate will need strong project management fundamentals, excellent communication skills. The kind of success for which we are striving will be the result of very skilled people working in an environment that fosters creativity, cooperation and thinking of old problems in new ways. Key Qualifications 5 years project management experience Prior experience and proven track record managing multiple projects simultaneously Experience with managing processes at enterprise scale Experience supporting or implementing business critical processes and projects Able to drive and improve solutions which may involve the integration with different teams and tools Familiar with information security Capable of writing detailed process documentation, best practices/standards and more Strong organizational and presentations skills Excellent communications skills, capable of working with cross functional technical teams and business teams in a professional manner Highly dependable role Strong analytical mindset and fierce attention to detail Self-motivated and pro-active with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Description The Information Security team is looking for a Project Manager who can thrive in a fast-paced environment where both individual drive and team collaboration are the keys to success. The group is interested in people who can be more than schedule jockeys and note-takers. InfoSec Project Manager will be engaged with all aspects of the risk assessment process. The ideal candidate will be a partner with other teams at Apple, and will act in the best interest of the projects under their care, and always keep in mind what is best for the group, the organization and the company. Must be able to clearly communicate requirements and status at both the engineering and management level. Must enjoy in challenges and innovations and thrive in a fast-paced environment where accountability is paramount. Education Preferred: Degree in an Engineering or Project Management or MBA, or 5+ years of equivalent, hands-on applicable experience in large enterprise environments Additional Requirements • Knowledge and understanding of project management • Experience with process engineering; ideally in the context of a large enterprise • Ability to comprehend and apply new concepts very quickly • Must be highly collaborative, have an ability to influence cross-functional teams, maintain and develop relationships • Excellent communicator who can be effective with varied audiences • Understand and communicate complex issues in a timely, concise and objective manner • Identify and resolve project conflicts and inter-dependencies quickly. Communicate issues proactively. • Excellent analytical, organization and documentation skills along with a professional demeanor • Ability to work under pressure and manage difficult situations in a fast paced work environment 