 Sr. Software Engineer - Machine Learning &amp; Algorithms Job Number: 112915377 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 24, 2017 Job Summary At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. We are looking for a self-motivated individual who can thrive in an Agile environment. You will develop and apply advanced techniques and algorithms to improve an ad network. You’ll be developing and implementing new optimization and advertising algorithms. The position also involves developing a deep understanding of the ad network behavior; detecting relevant data patterns; assuring the integrity and breadth of the data; measuring user, campaign and app performance; and finally analyzing the results of extremely large-scale experiments. Key Qualifications Minimum of 8 years experience in architecture, design and implementing of optimization framework. Apply advanced statistical methods and work with large, complex data sets. Lead investigations into multiple streams of ads quality data (Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions). Research experience in Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Compilers, Database, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, Statistics (game theory, auction theory, quantitative analysis), or Systems Software implementation of new algorithms and data aspects of an audience ad network in Python and Java. Propose, design and analyze new algorithms to benefit the network. Prior ad network, Big Data or analytics experience, operations research or similar. Proficiency with databases, SQL, and scripting languages. Practical understanding of the mathematics behind modern machine learning, linear algebra and statistics. Demonstrated ability to apply statistical techniques to solve real problems. Experience with data analysis, business intelligence and statistical tools (e.g. R, SAS, or SPSS). Ability to take requirements from design through to implementation both independently and with larger teams. Experience working closely with operational teams on deployment, monitoring, management concerns Description You will have the opportunity to work on a platform with extreme scale requirements. The candidate should have several years of experience developing and implementing ad algorithms, yield optimization solutions and network data processes within an ad network. Excellent understanding of scalable architectures including operational concerns is a must. The ability to be a good team player under tight deadline constraints is key to success. Education BS/MS in computer science or equivalent field with 8+ years relevant experience. PhD is desired. 