 Retail Sales Finance Revenue Analyst Job Number: 46530254 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 8, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Team up with Apple, one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry. Join the Apple Finance organization and make a positive impact on a company that is known for its impressive lineup of products, including iPhone, Mac, iPad, Accessories, and Watch. Finance is about “fueling innovation.” We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity, personal accountability, teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. If you exemplify our values and want to be part of something big, contact us today. Key Qualifications Think analytically and understand the business Communicate effectively Partner and influence 3+ years of corporate finance experience, or related forecast/planning experience Professional experience that includes presenting a compelling point of view directly to senior leadership Proven track record of forecasting with a high degree of accuracy Demonstrated ability to gather and analyze data at a macro and micro level High degree of proficiency in Excel required, strongly prefer experience with Tableau and enterprise software systems (SAP / BPC, Essbase) Description As a Financial Analyst and part of the WW Retail Sales Finance team, you are the subject matter expert of Retail revenue which includes the Apple Online Store and as well as the 450+ physical Apple Store locations around the world. This is one of the few groups within Apple Finance with global scope. From global economic fluctuations down to singular strategies, this is an opportunity to educate management/executives on the impacts to the Retail business. This position will also provide consulting and strategic support to management, including the preparation of executive level presentations. Additionally, this analyst will provide ad hoc support: Partner with Demand Forecasting and prepare the Retail revenue forecast for current and future quarters Assemble demand generation and promotion margin/break-even analysis to drive and support decisions related to consumer offers Monitor financial performance, highlight trends across key performance indicators and analyze anomalies to identify root causation Understand and communicate the impact of consumer offers and sales adjustments to net revenue Coordinate with the Apple shared service centers worldwide and manage quarter close activities, including accruals Analyze complex financial information and provide timely and accurate financial recommendations to management for decision-making purposes Implement continual improvements to forecasting and reporting processes Education Bachelor's Degree in a relevant field, with strong academic performance 