 Advanced Manufacturing Engineer - Mac Job Number: 83643580 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Strong working knowledge of precision assembly, inspection and automation equipment Required to understand and create tolerance analysis for parts and assemblies Knowledgable in creating machine qualification requirements, design of experiments and failure analysis Understands machine qualification including calibration, correlation, capability, repeatability and reproducibility Able to communicate effectively in a worldwide environment Description Responsible for designing precision assembly and measurement processes for Apple products. Perform the research and development on new technologies necessary to solve complex assembly and automation problems that have direct impact to the quality and delivery of Apple products. Design, implement and successfully scale automated and semi-automated solutions based upon sound engineering principles and the technologies developed for a specific application. Develop new and or improved processes through the application of theoretical and practical engineering Keeps abreast of all relevant technical trends and developments and incorporates them in appropriate assignments Provide direction and guidance to third party machine/automation suppliers and/or CM’s; be the technical leader and driver on owned projects; serve as a technical resource to other engineering groups and project leaders Organize cross-functional reviews of the machine requirements, design, qualification and capability Create Request for Quotation/Proposal (RFQ/RFPs) that documents the design requirements of the automated equipment, delivery schedule, required documentation and qualification for acceptance at machine supplier facility and contract manufacturer’s factory Engage machine suppliers for automated equipment design reviews and proposals Travel to the machine supplier and contract manufacturer for equipment bring-up, qualification, acceptance testing and support during build events Drive machine qualification including correlation, process capability (CP/CPK) and Gage Repeatability / Reproducibility (GR&amp;R) Drive failure analysis and machine issue resolution, working with the machine supplier and contract manufacturer Run equipment experiments to bound the capability of the machine Responsible for data analysis reports to communicate machine capability to the cross functional teams Performs assignments in several of the following manufacturing engineering functions: Design for Manufacturability - Provide early and on going manufacturing involvement to ensure new products are mechanically manufacturable. Product Engineering - Works all phases of a product from concept to repeat manufacturing to end of life. Provides production support engineering with respect to technically complex testing methods, procedures and failure analysis. Process Engineering - Designs and develops technically complex processes to improve quality and efficiency. Utilize statistical tools (such as GR&amp;R, SPC and Cp/pCk) to ensure processes/fixtures are scalable and are continuing to perform properly once qualified. Failure/Data Analysis - Plans, develops and implements technically complex procedures for the testing and evaluation of soon to be released products. Specifies test to be performed, compiles data and makes recommendations for product design changes and final assembly standards. This will include the use of Design of Experiments (DOE) and statistical analysis using Six Sigma principles. Education BSME or equivalent (MSME desired), with 5 plus years in an engineering role with experience in automation equipment used for alignment, assembly and/or measurement of components. Additional Requirements New product introduction and Manufacturing Operations experience desired Proven track record of cost reduction, project management and engineering design required Working knowledge of GD&amp;T principles favorable NX, SolidWorks CAD or ProE experiences a plus Knowledge of optics principles as they relate to CCD cameras, 2D and 1D lasers, and their use for positioning and critical alignment machines Basic understanding of liquid adhesives, PSA’s and VHB’s a plus Working knowledge of robotics (6-axis and/or SCARA), pneumatics, servo motors, motion controllers, PLC and and PC-based control systems JMP, Minitab &amp; Six Sigma experience preferred 