 Repairs Business Analyst Job Number: 112988375 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Service Operations is looking for an Analyst to support responsibilities in our WW repair operations team. This role is an opportunity for a self-driven individual to utilize his or her business acumen, enhance process knowledge, and apply analytical skills to deliver creative, value-added solutions to the Operations team. The successful candidate will be responsible for process management and administrative tasks related to repairs with a primary focus on analysis of AppleCare repair processes and systems. This position will require a high degree of collaborative effort and working with other departments. This candidate is expected to operate with a high degree of initiative, creativity and leadership within division or department policy guidelines using independent judgment in achieving assigned objectives. The Repairs Business Analyst will play a key role in producing measurable improvements for the CSS team, by preserving the customer experience, identifying solutions and mitigating risks. This will be achieved through process mapping, root cause analysis, resolution recommendations, execution of operational strategies, and providing data-driven models to support the decision making process. The Repairs Business Analyst needs to be adept in the use of statistical tools and techniques to be able to identify process gaps, recommend solutions to allow for data driven decision making, and have the ability to crisply articulate findings to senior leadership and a passion for driving excellence is desired. Key Qualifications 3-5 years of comparable work experience Excellent data analysis and presentation skills Strong experience with SAP preferred Strong to advanced knowledge of Excel Strong experience in reporting, data mining, and ad hoc analysis Strong written and verbal communication skills Adaptive and flexible to changing technologies, process and environments Ability to work and make decisions with minimal supervision Team player, reliable and dependable Strong leadership skills &amp; project management experience a plus Ability to operate in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment Proven data driven decision making skills Experience with mySQL, Business Objects, Tableau is a plus Ability to rapidly learn and adapt to system and data changes Description The Repairs Business Analyst will: • Achieve and maintain a comprehensive understanding of AppleCare Service Order Management business, transaction handling, procedures, and systems • Develop and manage daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly reporting cadence • Leverage six sigma techniques and critical thinking to problem solve • Examine and analyze transactions and case history to resolve refund issues and escalations • Identify potential problems by monitoring trends in transaction errors or through analysis of reporting. • Isolate and identify gaps and errors in system functionality as it relates to business process and programs. • Work cross functionally with other Apple departments to ensure business needs are addressed. • Provide data as required by management for periodic status reporting. • Establish, document, stage and transition processes as needed • Ensure seamless implementation of new processes and procedures by validating completeness of training materials and process documents. • Make sound decisions based on a mixture of analysis, experience and judgment. • Accurately scope out length and difficulty of tasks, and components of projects. Break work down into the process steps, anticipating and adjusting for problems and roadblocks. • Recognize and act on opportunities for automation, integration and standardization of global processes • Participate in user acceptance testing • Create a performance management system to integrate with the organizational scorecard Education • BA/BS degree or equivalent experience required 