 Engineering Program Manager - 3rd Party IP Job Number: 57898105 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This opportunity will allow you to showcase you strong leadership skills since this position is responsible for ensuring that 3rd party IP's meet the technical, quality and schedule requirements for Apple products. You will be responsible for cross-functional communication working directly with Apple engineering teams, operations, legal and 3rd party vendors to coordinate releases, and drive, track and resolve issues associated with 3rd Party IP development and design integration. Strong technical background in analog and/or digital IP development will allow you to succeed in this role. A successful candidate for Engineering Program Manager at Apple has project management experience in VLSI Chip Design, ASIC Chip Design, and/or IP management. Key Qualifications Typically requires 5+ years experience working with Analog and/or Digital IP integration in ASIC/SOC/VLSI Designs, or similar experience. Strong team player and creative thinker who is able to lead technical teams, cross functional groups and vendors to meet aggressive development schedules. High tech industry experience with a track record of hands-on product development, program management, project management or engineering management. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Good knowledge of IP development process, tools/flows and methodologies and life cycle in an SoC. Description In this dynamic role you utilize your skillsets to: •Work closely with SEG engineering teams to coordinate high level milestones for IP development and integration. •Ability to multi-task and manage IP's across several projects simultaneously •Drive resolution of technical issues between cross-functional teams &amp; external IP providers. •Close technical requirements with Engineering teams, manage issues and bug tracking. •Coordinate weekly meetings with IP consumers to resolve technical issues. •Pull together regular project status presentations for Cross-Functional Executive reviews. •Convert large amounts of data into a clear story to communicate to stakeholders and organizations at all levels. •Identify risks, develop mitigation strategies and facilitate conflict resolution. Education •BS or MS Degree in technical discipline. 