 Engineering Program Manager, Analog IP Job Number: 49652456 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 16, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is an individual contributor role, but we are looking for strong leadership skills since this position is responsible for ensuring that our Analog/Mixed signal IP's for SoCs meet the technical, quality and schedule requirements for Apple products. You will be responsible for cross-functional communication and representation for the groups involved in Apple IP development and SOC IP Integration. Strong technical background in analog and mixed signal IP development is a plus. You will utilize your project management experience in VLSI Chip Design, ASIC Chip Design, and/or Technology process development. Key Qualifications Typically requires at least 5+ years experience working with Analog and Mixed-signal IP's and products. Strong team player and creative thinker who is able to lead technical teams, cross functional groups and vendors against plans. High tech industry experience with a track record of hands-on product development, program management, project management or engineering management. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Good knowledge of IP development process, tools/flows and methodologies and life cycle in an SoC. Description • Work closely with SoC Integration teams to drive high level milestones for IP development • Ability to multi-task and manage IPs across several projects simultaneously • Close technical requirements with Apple SoC teams, manage issues and bug tracking • Coordinate weekly meetings with IP consumers to resolve technical issues • Pull together regular project status presentations for Cross-Functional Executive reviews. • Drive resolution of technical issues between cross-functional teams: Technology/Library, SoC design, SoC PD, SoC DV and CAD teams • Convert large amounts of data into a clear story to communicate to stakeholders and organizations at all levels • Identify risks, develop mitigation strategies and facilitate conflict resolution • Interface with software/hardware teams to coordinate silicon validation of IPs Education MS or BS Degree in technical discipline 