 macOS Software Engineer, Natural Language Processing Job Number: 83739212 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join the natural language processing team that drives on-device text intelligence at Apple. Work on NLP technologies that power autocorrection, predictive typing, Spotlight search, emoji prediction, and smart responses. Our team also provides fundamental text processing (language identification, tokenization, tagging, etc.) functionalities for a slew of first party applications on Apple platforms as well as third-party developers. We are looking for an experienced software engineer with proficiency in Cocoa and development experience on macOS platform to drive and improve the typing experience and text-based intelligence. Key Qualifications Ideal candidate will possess 5+ years of software development In-depth understanding of Cocoa, Swift, and Objective-C Strong UI development skills on macOS and iOS Experience writing high performance/memory efficient code Experience with multi-threaded, asynchronous code Solid understanding of algorithms, data structures, and coding standards Excellent communication and organizational skills Familiarity with NLP Description Join the Natural Language Processing that is responsible for on-device text processing across all Apple platforms. As a member of the team you will work on the intersection of software engineering, natural language processing and machine learning. The position requires strong software engineering experience and will provide opportunities to interact and learn with subject matter experts in NLP and machine learning. We are specifically interested in someone that can improve the overall typing experience and text-based intelligence on macOS. This involves an extremely good grasp of system design, software architecture as well as fluency in Cocoa, Swift and Objective-C. NLP and machine learning experience is a plus. For more information about the work we do, watch our latest WWDC session: https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2017/208/ Education MSc or PhD in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics or equivalent Additional Requirements Experience with natural language processing (NLP) is a plus 