 NPI Operations Program Specialist Job Number: 113037255 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The New Product Introduction Operations Program Specialist (NPI OPS) plays a key role in launching Apple’s new products on time, with superior product quality and maximum customer availability. The NPI OPS is pivotal to the fast-paced development and launch of Apple’s products. A successful OPS is self-driven, organized and detail oriented, communicates with ease across engineering and operations teams, thrives in an ambiguous environment and is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts. Key Qualifications · Drive solutions across multiple cross-functional teams and the supply chain · Consolidate detailed and extensive cross-functional data into concise executive briefings · Detail orientation a must; results driven and proven DRI with hands on approach; self- motivated, proactive and driven Description This individual is the key facilitator who defines and drives material to enable manufacturing line bring-up, manages material for early operations builds, and interfaces with engineering to define final bill of materials. Overall mission is a successful product launch with all lines brought up on schedule and within budget, and completion of early operations builds on target. Key Responsibilities: · Lead Apple &amp; Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) operations teams in executing early operations builds &amp; line bring-up material strategy · Coordinate &amp; track readiness/risks: working with procurement teams on specific material escalations · Manage communications: upward and downward through organization; escalate issues and clearly communicate current status · Influence product cost and product margin through judicious use of NG material and reduction of qualification requirements. · Communicate system requirements and schedules to facilitate technical readiness with cross- functional teams. · NPI owner in ordering, tracking and actualizing material to support development builds &amp; product ramp; Drive material delivery through Apple Procurement and direct with suppliers to ensure on-time delivery · Cross-functional owner for tracking &amp; escalating BOM readiness · Create Purchase Orders / Requisitions, maintaining invoice tracking and Goods Receipts Education · Typically requires 2+ years experience in Supply Chain, Procurement, or Buyer roles. · Bachelors Degree preferably in Business, Science or Engineering Additional Requirements · Ability to travel up to 15% · Strong written and verbal communication skills, and ability to articulate complex scenarios in simple terms · Excel, Database, &amp; Statistical Software (SPSS, SAS, SQL etc.) experience a plus 