 RF/Wireless Design Validation Test Engineer Job Number: 53619239 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Seeking engineers wanting a challenging RF/Wireless Design Validation Test (DVT) Engineering position. Individuals will work with RFIC circuit designers and system integration engineers to do: RF bench testing, debugging, and characterizing RF Wireless SoC performance. Individuals will either automate mentioned tasks and/or help specify test procedures especially for tasks that are done repeatedly or require extensive setup. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: Strong Wireless RF background and familiarity with RF systems fundamentals Working knowledge of RF parametric testing such as IP3, NF, ACPR, phase noise, etc. Knowledge of loadpull testing is desirable. Characterized/Debugged RF PCB and chip issues within a test and script development •Strong working knowledge of RF test equipment (network analyzer, spectrum analyzer, vector signal analyzer, vector signal generator, etc.). Unix scripting knowledge is a requirement. (Highly desirable is objected oriented programming experience such as Python is highly desirable) Candidates should be comfortable in a lab environment and have a minimum of 5+ years experience Expect candidates to be proficient with basic metrics for determining quality of digital communication signals measured. Good written and verbal communication skills. Description You will work with RFIC circuit designers on: •Characterizing and debugging RF PCB and chip issues such as external matching networks to optimize Tx/Rx radio performance •Designing, and executing and/or automating directed RF and/or PHY/MAC testing scripts, which control and setup RF test equipment and RF chips •Designing, executing and/or automating scripts that plot, parse and analyze large data sets of data •Generating RF design/verification/test reports by interfacing with RF and systems and integration teams to design such reports. •Work collaboratively with team members. Education BSEE or MSEE 