 Business Operations – Worldwide Pricing Job Number: 113125492 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join the Business Operations Pricing team and play a central role in pricing strategy and operations for our rapidly growing App Store, Apple Music, Movies, TV, and iBooks businesses. Here is a glimpse of the types of projects you will work on… New Business Models and Expansions You will work on pricing strategy and implementation for new product introductions, product expansions, and innovative business model changes. Some examples from recent years include expansion of Apple Music to new territories and channels, introducing the enhanced subscriptions platform for the App Store, and expanding the support for alternate payments methods. Tax and Currencies We operate in more than 150 countries and support over 43 currencies on our stores. You will work on driving our pricing strategy based on constantly changing tax legislation, foreign exchange rates, and competitive challenges. Operations You will help to keep the ship sailing by working on day-to-day pricing requests and queries. The challenges are varied and include configuring the pricing system for business opportunities, diagnosing unexpected behavior, and continuously improving internal processes. Compliance Customers spend billions on products that you will support. Many of our partners’ businesses depend on the income they receive from Apple. This is high stakes and we cannot make errors. You will help to ensure that we comply fully with our partner contracts and any pricing changes are documented and traceable. This role is a mix of strategy, operations, and analytics. Your analysis and recommendations will be the basis of pricing strategy discussions with senior management and the executive team at Apple. You will document approved changes and implement them in the pricing system. To be successful, you will have to drive projects forward and collaborate with business, legal, finance, operations, and compliance teams around the world. Key Qualifications Advanced quantitative and analytical skills Strong Excel and Keynote skills Background in SQL and relational database systems Experience working with senior management Willingness to take initiative and drive projects to a successful conclusion Broad knowledge and experience in financial concepts (margins, break-even, fx rates, tax rates etc.) Track record of responding quickly and decisively to questions and request Willingness to work in a hands-on, high volume, fast-paced, and changing environment Pays extreme attention to details and a stickler for process, documentation, and consistency Compliance knowledge through training and/or experience a plus Experience in management/strategy consulting, business operations, or product management group of companies within the tech/ecommerce space a plus Description •Types of projects: market entry, tax policy changes, new features, data analytics, adjustments for foreign currency, internal tools and process optimization •Act as primary point of contact for all price-related matters •Prepare pricing recommendations for the executive team •Create price modeling that includes complex cost structures, customer demand, and impact assessments of various approaches, including impact of the changes made •Monitor trends and prepare metrics and analysis on pricing behavior and royalty-related matters, including price changes and pricing anomalies •Ensure compliance with corporate pricing policies and arrangements with content providers •Assess price change requests to determine if contractually permitted and if the change will work with the system •Assist with the development and maintenance of sound business processes surrounding pricing •Plan for all system changes to ensure that the designs and approaches are sound •Maintain pricing documentation, including details of the systems •Roll out new pricing policies, including developing training materials and coordinating training •Work with Compliance team on ensuring pricing-related controls are effective Education Bachelors or Masters in a quantitative discipline 