 NAND Test QA Engineer Job Number: 57420455 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a NAND QA Test Engineer, you will lead and support the testing and qualification of various programs using solid-state storage. A strong candidate will have experience with NAND reliability testing, and validation. You will be part of a world class team of HW Engineers who identify and resolve potential risks for all aspects of NAND qualification and testing, including generating test programs and scripts. You will have direct impact on Apple's future products by ensuring world-class solutions to demanding test and engineering challenges. Key Qualifications 2-5 years of NAND industry experience is a must. Experience with UNIX and/or Linux. Good understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts and application of a scripting language (such as Perl, Python etc.). Should be capable of using scripting languages for some form of automation. Basic understanding of black box testing and white box testing. Familiarity with data structure languages such as XML and/or JSON. Familiarity with source code control management with SVN or Git for example. A grasp of Operating System concepts. Comfortable with lab management and/or hardware setup. Experience using basic laboratory equipment (e.g., logic analyzer, digital oscilloscope). Comfortable with working with cross-functional teams and in supporting engineering in debugging and reproducing issues. Must be able to work independently and should be proactive. Experience with NAND ATE and/or PCIe or other high speed protocols a plus Description •Develop QA systems and frameworks for automation of device testing. •Managing and running stress test rack qualification testing at the system level. •Support qualification and testing of NAND. •Creating test validation checklists and work in cross-functional teams to ensure quality. •Supporting internal engineering teams in failure analysis and defining corrective actions. Education BSEE/MSEE, BSCE/MSCE, BSCS/MSCS or demonstrated equivalent experience. 