 Engineering Manager, Health Job Number: 83769925 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Health is a diverse, talented, and passionate team striving to help people live healthier lives while keeping their data safe, private, and secure. We create amazing applications that enrich peoples’ lives in a tangible way, and provide APIs and SDKs to 3rd party developers so that their devices and applications can seamlessly integrate into Apple’s ecosystem. We are looking for an experienced ENG manager who has demonstrated ability in growing teams, developing processes and building and building great products. In this role, you’ll be a key contributor during all stages of software development, leading a talented engineering team to ensure can deliver great customer experiences as we continue innovating in a rapidly changing field. This is an opportunity to work in an extremely talented team, in a position where your work can make a difference in millions of lives. Learning and building of skill-sets is highly encouraged. This role has the opportunity to grow in many directions. Key Qualifications Note: We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role. 2+ years experience leading software engineering teams Excellent cross-functional communication and influence skills Proven track record demonstrating the ability to build a team – attracting, hiring, retaining, motivating the best talent Comfortable with fast paced schedule driven development Strong software engineering and development life cycle knowledge Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways Strong grasp of computer science fundamentals Passion and prior experience designing and implementing outstanding user interfaces and customer experience Demonstrated experience shipping high quality software products Familiarity with wellness or medical concepts is a plus Description Work with experts in their field to expand and support the broader health related efforts at Apple. • Collaborate with x-functional development teams to deliver features that surprise and delight our customers. • Advise and encourage engineering best practices to deliver quality features. • Define and grow a world class engineering team. • Represent the team and its technology in technical and project meetings • Define product features, functional specs and development schedules. Education BS Computer Science or equivalent experience. 