 New Product Operations Program Manager Job Number: 56589668 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary New Product Operations is pivotal to the fast-paced development and launch of Apple’s products. A successful NPO Manager is a natural leader and facilitator; is driven, organized and detail oriented; excels in program/ project management; communicates with ease at all levels; thrives in an ambiguous environment; is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts; manages through relationships and influence: and displays grace under fire. Key Qualifications New Product Introduction / Supply Chain Management / Manufacturing Operations / Development or Operations Engineering experience Ability to succeed in a matrixed environment Excellent program management and communication skills Exceptional ability to build relationships; data-driven and action-oriented; enthusiastic and motivated; and detail-oriented while managing several work-streams. Description You will lead the Team within WW Operations and be the primary operations interface to the core product development team and other functional organizations within Apple. As the owner of the product, either through direct involvement and/or influence, you will ensure the successful launch of the product towards meeting it’s stated Cost, Quality, Schedule, Availability and Customer Experience goals. -Plan and execute all development builds and rapid ramps of new products. Coordinate Engineering, GSM, SQE, TPM and other internal and external teams by ensuring security, materials, equipment, fixtures, staffing, training, documentation plans are in place; For development builds and ramp readiness activities at the OEM site(s). 30-35% travel to Asia required in a 6-8 month time frame. -Drive ramp readiness that include materials, equipment, fixtures, training, documentation, and transition and supply chain plans. -Through influencing product’s manufacturability, testability and material composition, you will drive for responsive supply chains that are optimized for lowest costs, greater operational flexibility, regional fulfillment and highest quality. -Assess, analyze, consolidate, and communicate risk and status clearly and succinctly to management, escalating key issues and presenting options for resolution to the cross-functional executive team through the new product reviews. Education BS or MS degree in Engineering Advanced degree preferred 5+ years of industry experience 