 Mechanical Quality Engineer - Softgoods Job Number: 57986931 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, you will have the opportunity to make a significant impact on Apple Products, and leave a footprint for years to come. We have an opportunity for an accomplished quality engineer to lead development, and ramp for a next generation Apple product. Our quality engineering team enables the mass creation of impossible products. We work in tandem with Apple's renowned designers to develop measurement technologies, control strategies, information systems, and manufacturing methods that achieve ambitious specifications at massive production scale. We manage a network of supplier factories worldwide, with responsibility for our partners' delivery to aggressive schedules. Our focus is on elegant execution of extraordinary industrial designs, resulting in products that thrill our customers. Key Qualifications BS in Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering International experience, particularly in Asia is a plus Typically requires at least 5+ years of experience in manufacturing and Quality Control. Experience developing process quality plans, supplier quality audits, and driving corrective actions and failure analysis efforts. Working knowledge of mechanical quality and reliability concepts, supplier management, and general manufacturing operations. Project management experience and an understanding of DFx and DOE principles are considered a plus. Requires International travel to supplier sites. Description At Apple, a Supplier Quality Engineer defines product cosmetic specifications and manufacturing quality control methods. Reviews processing techniques and methods applied in the manufacture, fabrication, and evaluation of products. Involvement may begin at any step from product concept to full-scale manufacturing. Coordinates design requirement review with appropriate engineering/scientific personnel to ensure capability of manufacturing processes. Compiles and evaluates data to determine appropriate limits and variables for process, material, and part specifications. May conceive and plan projects involving definition and selection of new concepts, product inspection technology, and approaches in the processing or development of new or improved processes. Recommends and implements equipment and process modifications to improve production efficiencies, manufacturing techniques and production yields for existing products. Develops and conducts statistical analysis such as Design of Experiments (DOE) and Statistical Process Control (SPC) targeting cause of failure for yield loss and improving quality. Responsibilities include: Quality Planning •Apply solid understanding of quality control and manufacturing concepts to develop specific Product Quality Plan (PQP) appropriate to program and commodity. •Coordinate all Quality Engineering functions for a program, serving as project manager to lead efforts at supplier locations. •Actively participate in the program planning and monitoring process assuming responsibility for key deliverables at all milestones. •Provide technical direction and guidance to other Quality Engineers supporting the implementation of the PQP. •Assess measurability and creatively address concerns directly with stakeholders. Identify and direct studies to implement improvements in measuring method where appropriate. •Establish audit procedures appropriate to program and supplier to ensure adherence to Apple quality standards. Implement FAI and Cp/Cpk reviews of mechanical parts. Supplier Quality Management •Assists supplier selection process for new products and second sourcing activities supporting qualification/disqualification decisions. •Review PQP with supplier and other Apple functional groups to optimize supplier quality programs. Evaluates supplier readiness and adherence to PQP at all development and qualification stages. •Monitor each supplier's performance through measurement of production line statistics, company inspections, and audits. Prepare summary of performance and communicate to appropriate management to ensure effective corrective action plans can be promptly executed. At Apple, a Supplier Quality Engineer defines product cosmetic specifications and manufacturing quality control methods. Reviews processing techniques and methods applied in the manufacture, fabrication, and evaluation of products. Involvement may begin at any step from product concept to full-scale manufacturing. Coordinates design requirement review with appropriate engineering/scientific personnel to ensure capability of manufacturing processes. Compiles and evaluates data to determine appropriate limits and variables for process, material, and part specifications. May conceive and plan projects involving definition and selection of new concepts, product inspection technology, and approaches in the processing or development of new or improved processes. Recommends and implements equipment and process modifications to improve production efficiencies, manufacturing techniques and production yields for existing products. Develops and conducts statistical analysis such as Design of Experiments (DOE) and Statistical Process Control (SPC) targeting cause of failure for yield loss and improving quality. Education BS in Mechanical Engineering or Industrial Engineering 