 WiSE iOS Automation Intern Job Number: 112861036 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Wireless Automation team builds systems which enable other Apple engineers to test and develop products and features. We work with all of Apple's major product lines and want to create great UI experiences that are easily accessed and seamlessly utilized. We are a fun team that get's to work with many other people and teams here at Apple. Every day is different, and exciting. Apple is currently seeking enthusiastic interns who can work full-time for a minimum of 12-weeks between Fall 2017 and Summer 2018. Key Qualifications Strong programming skills in Objective-C/C/C++ Proficiency with iOS SDK Frameworks and Concepts (UIKit, GCD, Foundation, CoreData &amp; MapKit a plus) Passion for scripting in Python, Shell, and standard UNIX tools Solid computer science fundamentals Excellent debugging skills Experience with automation and developing frameworks Ability to own a complete functional area of an application or product Strong communication skills to confidently drive multiple projects across many teams Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways Laser-focused on the smallest details that are meaningful to our customers Description The iOS Wireless Technologies team is looking for a highly motivated automation engineer to develop frameworks, iOS/OSX apps, and tools. You should have a deep understanding of the iOS development environment and share our vision of creating highly functional frameworks and beautiful apps. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent with 5+ years industry experience Degree is less important to us. It's your experiences and abilities we really care about. Additional Requirements Experience developing user facing iOS Applications and Frameworks Experience with large scale backend systems and web services 