 Retail Budget Coordinator Job Number: 42385357 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 18, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Team up with Apple Retail. Apple is one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry. Apple Retail is one of the fastest growing retailers in the world. The Retail organization makes a positive impact on the business with a focus on “fueling innovation.” We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity, personal accountability, teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. If you exemplify our values and want to be part of something big, you will be well served joining our organization. Key Qualifications Ability to mange multiple tasks and adapt to a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Demonstrated ability to build effective business partnerships. Technical aptitude with database management and analysis. Proven analytical and creative problem solving skills. Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Excel. 1-2 years experience in Finance, Accounting or relevant field. Description This Retail Budget Coordinator position will help drive and support purchases and payments for our global Retail Team. As part of the Retail Team, this position will work closely with the global Retail Business and Shared Service teams. He/she must be detailed orientated with strong communication and organizational skills. The specific roles and responsibilities for this position include the following: Authorized Requestor for managing the Purchase to Pay Process Review project estimates Global purchase order setup and review Handling all invoice processing and payment workflow Documenting and filing monthly invoices Providing support on finance issues, policies and practices and work as a liaison between the business and finance Participating with the business partners and suppliers to drive best finance practices worldwide Preparing monthly and quarterly journal entries Month end close and financial reporting for new and ongoing projects Ensuring compliance with the Company’s policies and procedures Education Bachelor’s degree. Finance or Accounting a plus 