 Human Resources Business Partner Job Number: 113168622 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you driven to succeed? Do you understand, and believe in, the philosophy of building a stronger company by knowing when to put people ahead of procedures? Our HR Business partner consults with senior management to drive critical and complex organizational and management issues. To be successful you must be able to cut through ambiguity and approach problems in a flexible and creative manner. This role will be located at the Capital Ridge Campus in Austin, Texas. Key Qualifications Human Resource experience driving global initiatives across multiple locations Comfortable and effective at building and maintaining strong virtual partnerships Ability to navigate complex people strategies across various locations Human Resource experience with multiple lines of business preferred. Experience evaluating local environment, emerging markets, labor markets, compensation and local talent pools to ensure that we are able to attract and retain our top talent Ability to strategically see the larger picture while knowing the business details to dive deep into the tactical Description ▪ Management/Partner Consultant: Act as a partner, advisor and coach to management staff, advising on all matters related to talent management, organizational development, leadership and strategic planning. ▪ Business Knowledge: Ensure depth of understanding of organizations supported, including key business functions, strategic initiatives and processes. Achieve level of creditability where you can challenge and offer varying views to the business. ▪ Organizational Development: Understands the needs of the organization in terms of achieving maximum organizational performance and efficiencies. Consults and influences senior management on key organizational and management concerns. Understands how and when to drive critical change. ▪ Talent &amp; Performance Management: Provide advice and counsel to managers and employees on all performance related issues, including program management of high growth talent, development roadmaps, succession planning, comp strategies and performance improvement. ▪ Special Projects: Develop, lead and work on special and cross-functional projects as needed. These projects could be US site specific, regional or global in nature. ▪ Staffing: Partner with staffing function and line organizations. Participate in interview process for senior management and key hires. ▪ Employee Relations: Collaborate with Employee Relations to educate managers and employees on all aspects of employee-related issues, including manager/employee issues, policies &amp; procedures, misconduct, investigations, terminations, appeals, reorganizations, EEOC claims, internal audits, etc. ▪ Training: Understand the training/development needs of organization and act as liaison with various training organizations to deliver a roadmap. Author and deliver curriculum for site and division specific training. ▪ Compensation &amp; Benefits: Execute Corporate compensation and benefits programs (compensation planning, market surveys and analysis, etc.). Partner with management and Benefits to assist with the management of leaves, disabilities, and worker’s compensation. ▪ Talent Analytics: Ability to manage and analyze data into a compelling story in order to help businesses understand the various nuances of their workforce. Familiar with workforce planning concepts and processes. Education Requires BA/BS plus 7+ years of experience, or equivalent Additional Requirements Some travel required 