 Camera Integration Lead Job Number: 113040136 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 16, 2017 Job Summary The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for research, design, development, test, and qualification of camera and light projection modules into Apple products. This team is seeking exceptional Hardware Engineers to lead end-product integration, test, and qualification of these modules. Ideal engineers in this role are familiar with optoelectronic fundamentals, and fluent in all key consumer product engineering disciplines including mechanical, electrical, test, and process engineering. Engineers in this role should also be comfortable working within teams and providing clear direction to internal and external development partners. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will be an expert in at least 1-2 of the skill listed below, and have some familiarity with all of the skills listed. At least 2+ years experience in integration of optical systems into consumer products, or equivalent experience in related discipline. Integration of complex optical systems into consumer electronics devices. Manufacturing processes and testing of high-precision, high-volume modules. Mechanical design and tolerance analysis of highly constrained, high-volume designs. Electronic circuit design and test. Digital experience with at least some power-supply analog. Design and test of compact optical modules. Image quality evaluation including test charts, algorithms, and lighting. Image sensor design and characterization. Data analysis and statistics using MATLAB, JMP or other mathematical software. Experience with Interaction of multiple electro-optical modules and product level considerations. This role requires the ability to learn quickly and become familiar with several different technology areas. Ability to lead teams and take responsibility for project success is a requirement. Description This role involves interaction with electrical, firmware, mechanical, process, operations and test teams on integration of multi-camera hardware sub-system into Apple products. The right candidate will assume technical leadership of multiple teams for manufacturing, integration and test of complex optical camera sub-systems into products. Responsibilities include creating and maintaining documentation for camera-specific design, test, and manufacturing requirements. Leadership of off-shore manufacturing partners and guiding them to success. Leadership of camera testing in Apple labs and at manufacturing sites. Including performance testing of image quality, electrical, thermal and mechanical validation. Evaluation and failure analysis of camera HW at assembly and product levels. Travel is required to supplier facilities and international Apple technology sites for product development and production bring-up. Education BS/MS/PhD in relevant field (EE, ME, Optics, Physics) or equivalent. 