 Operations Research Data Scientist Job Number: 113185401 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you interested in applying your quantitative skills in a fast paced tech environment? If so, then this is the job for you. The Worldwide Sales and Operations Advanced Analytics team is looking for a top research scientist in optimization and stochastic systems to design and create advanced analytics models for strategic and tactical decision-making as well as drive the development of our future supply-chain infrastructure and planning processes.The individual will be part of a small team of experts responsible for the optimization of our current supply chain and designing future networks. You will be instrumental in working closely with business stakeholders, research colleagues, finance and IT groups in incorporating the essential tradeoffs within the models and take an active role in effectively communicating the recommendations to senior management. Key Qualifications The qualified candidate will have a proven history of driving critical research and development and developing in-depth analytical understanding of systems. · PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research or a related field. · 3-4 years hands-on experience specifically in optimization modeling, simulation and analysis. · Sound communication skills - adept at messaging domain and technical content, at a level appropriate for the audience. · Experienced at understanding key performance levers and metrics to highlight operational issues and drive improvement. · Innate curiosity and bias to action with expert ability to identify, define and execute project plans and develop modeling approaches suitable for the problem · Strong team player - invested in the collective success of the team and project outcomes · Self-sufficient with an ability to thrive in an environment of autonomy amidst ambiguity · Working knowledge of optimization tools (Gurobi, Cplex, or Xpress) · Experience with data acquisition tools (e.g. SQL, Apache Spark etc.), large datasets (Hadoop) and data mining · Experience prototyping and developing software in programming languages (Java/ C++/Python/Perl). Description · Knowledge of stochastic systems analysis · Familiarity with machine learning concepts · 5+ years plus hands-on experience in optimization modeling, simulation and analysis. · Strong critical thinking and problem solving ability. · Strong programming skills with at least one object oriented language (e.g. Java) and one scripting language (e.g Python). · Experience in using statistical analysis software packages (e.g. R) · Strong communication and presentation skills. Education Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research or a related field Additional Requirements Knowledge of stochastic systems analysis Familiarity with machine learning concepts 4 years plus hands-on experience in optimization modeling, simulation and analysis. Strong critical thinking and problem solving ability. Programming skills with at least one object oriented language (e.g. Java) and one scripting language (e.g Python). Experience in using statistical analysis software packages (e.g. R) Strong communication and presentation skills. 