 Sr. Legal Counsel, Health &amp; Wellness Job Number: 113214648 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an attorney with experience in health care to join its legal team to support Apple’s robust on-site Wellness Centers in the U.S. and internationally. This position will be based in Sunnyvale, California and will report to the Global Health &amp; Wellness Counsel. Key Qualifications Prior in-house experience in healthcare industry required. Experience with on-site employer medical clinics and international operations a plus. This role requires self-sufficiency, organizational skills, and ability to pro-actively seek support from others in legal and business organizations to drive a project to its successful implementation. Description This role will be primarily responsible for reviewing, drafting, interpreting and negotiating contracts with health care providers and other vendors supporting the Apple Wellness Centers. Other responsibilities include counseling and advising day-to-day operations on policies and various healthcare regulatory requirements including licensing, reimbursement, and other related issues. The successful candidate: Must have demonstrated knowledge of health care regulations applicable to medical clinics and medical groups; Can provide practical legal advice with regard to a wide variety of commercial issues that arise in the context of contract negotiations, including information technology, intellectual property, liability, data protection and privacy, security, environmental health and safety, and corporate compliance matters; Has a demonstrated ability to quickly identify, analyze and propose practical solutions to legal and business issues and lead projects to successful implementation; and Can build close relationships and effectively partner with business clients and other members of the law department across the globe to support business objectives in a manner consistent with applicable law and corporate risk tolerance. Education Candidates should have JD with 8-10 years of relevant experience at a top law firm and/or in-house legal department, superior academic credentials, exceptional references, excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong organizational abilities, a desire to work in a fast-paced environment, a sense of humor, and an absolute commitment to excellence and integrity. 