 IS&amp;T HelpLine Manager Job Number: 113180255 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Amaze yourself. Amaze the world. A job at Apple is unlike any other you've had. You'll be challenged. You'll be inspired. And you'll be proud. Because whatever your job is here, you'll be part of something big. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job -- like everyone here -- and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Information Systems &amp; Technology (IS&amp;T) team manages key business and technical infrastructure at Apple -- how we take an order online, the experience with technology in our retail stores, how much network capacity we need around the world, the processing of every credit card an iTunes customer uses, and closing the books. IS&amp;T does it all. Key Qualifications Required Experience and Skills: Excellent English oral and written communications skills Excellent interpersonal communications and customer-service skills Desire and ability to work as part of a global team of managers in a fast-paced, highly demanding IT environment Flexibility and adaptability to thrive in a fast-paced, highly-demanding, constantly changing environment Ability to maintain composure and focus in stressful situations Superior time management and multi-tasking skills Strong incident and problem management skills 5 or more years of help desk, call center, or similar management experience Knowledge of and experience with ACD telephone systems, help desk metrics, and KPIs Experience with training curriculum development and delivery Experience managing enterprise assets Knowledge and experience with knowledge-base systems Strong troubleshooting and problem resolution skills Knowledge of IP networking, and basic IP network troubleshooting skills Conceptual understanding of multi-tiered and web-based information systems architecture, and multi-tiered application troubleshooting skills Excellent risk management and information security knowledge, skills, and abilities Knowledge and skills to use and apply descriptive and inferential statistics including probability, hypothesis testing, estimation, associations, correlation, regression analysis, and forecasting Analytic and business intelligence skills to identify meaningful patterns in data and then integrate and communicate them via data visualization and reporting techniques Preferred Experience and Skills: Technical support experience with Apple products and services Experience providing technical support for retail POS and other retail IT systems Experience with SOX and PCI-DSS compliance Experience with telephony systems Advanced skills with Microsoft Excel Business Objects Tableau Description The IS&amp;T HelpLine provides technical support to Apple’s employees, contractors, and vendors throughout the world, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. We support Apple’s products and services from hardware to software. We also support Apple’s world-class information technology infrastructure from the data and voice networks to each user’s Mac or iOS device…and everything in between. This is an extremely fast-paced and highly demanding internal help desk environment. We are currently looking for a highly motivated, technically savvy, experienced help desk manager who has excellent managerial skills to join our HelpLine management team. This is an extremely fast-paced and highly demanding environment. If you have what it takes, we would like to talk to you. Work Hours: Variable Holiday and on-call work required Responsibilities: Supervision of help desk operations and staff Incident management Major incident and problem management Scheduling and time tracking Metrics and reporting SOX and PCI-DSS compliance Training development and delivery Asset management Project management Technical documentation Education Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, communications or related discipline 