 Financial Analyst, Real Estate &amp; Dev - construction finance, general contractor Job Number: 86227044 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is an exciting opportunity to work in a fast paced environment and help architect our future. Get ready for your perfect job, one that encourages you to think strategically yet stay connected to our business partners. We work with all groups across Apple from Shanghai to London to Los Angeles. We are looking for an energetic individual with strong knowledge and experience in real estate and construction finance, with experience on large construction projects preferred. Key Qualifications Bring 8+ years of professional finance experience. Construction finance experience is required. Be a self-starter with the ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Build effective business partnerships and be an excellent team player Interact with General Contractors and perform detail review of invoices Strong performance in a fast-paced, innovative environment Excellent analytical and Excel modeling skills Effective written, verbal and presentation skills; with ability to present to all levels within the organization Experience with enterprise software systems and databases (e.g., SAP and FileMaker) Understanding of US GAAP Description Based in Cupertino, the financial analyst will be responsible for detailed review of invoices presented by General Contractors and implementation of standard processes and controls related to this review process. In this role, the analyst will have a close partnership with Project Managers to standardize timely reporting of spend vs. budget. In addition to review of progress payments this individual will also provide insightful analysis, financial forethought, and identify and drive cost saving opportunities in the real estate portfolio. This position partners with many cross-functional business partners including Corporate Real Estate &amp; Development, Technical Accounting, Legal, Tax and Apple Corporate Shared Service teams around the world. This position reports directly to the Real Estate &amp; Development Controller. Education BA/BS in related field. MBA a plus 