 Acoustics Engineer, Beats Acoustics &amp; Audio Job Number: 112862857 Culver City, California, United States Posted: Oct. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Beats Electronics is looking for an Acoustics Engineer to support the needs of the Acoustics R&amp;D team in Culver City, CA. You will use your knowledge and experience in acoustics and audio system design to support the development of loudspeaker products. This includes the conception, design, prototyping and testing of loudspeaker products. Key Qualifications Theoretical background in acoustics Experience in audio/acoustic system development Experience with audio analyzers - e.g. Audio Precision APx5xx, Listen Inc. SoundCheck, etc. Knowledge of standard methods for testing and analyzing loudspeakers Knowledge of audio signal processing (digital and analog) Knowledge and experience with transducers, acoustic modeling and simulation software Knowledge of psychoacoustics and subjective listening evaluation techniques Competent in data analysis, reporting, and presentation skills. Competent in Matlab, scripting/programming languages - e.g. PERL, Python, C/C#/C++, VB Passion for music Description Responsibilities include: Perform electro-acoustical modeling, simulation and measurements to support design, selection and verification of transducers and the development of loudspeakers. Perform acoustic measurements for competitive benchmarking. Setup subjective listening tests. Contribute toward critical listening evaluations. Assist in the development and implementation of production line acoustic test systems. Use software/programming skills to organize and analyze large sets of acoustic test data, and communicate findings to the Acoustics Engineering team. Assist in the development and application of audio signal processing for loudspeakers. Support manufacturing startup and continuous engineering. Innovate and push boundaries of the current state of the art. Education B.S. or M.S. in Acoustical, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, or Physics, specializing in audio acoustics 