 Senior Program Manager Job Number: 50470249 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s Applied Machine Learning team has built systems for a number of large-scale data science applications. We work on many high-impact projects that serve various Apple lines of business. We use the latest in open source technology and as committers on some of these projects, we are pushing the envelope. Working with multiple lines of business, we manage many streams of Apple-scale data. We bring it all together and extract the value. We do all this with an exceptional group of software engineers, data scientists, dev-ops engineers and managers. Key Qualifications Detail and action oriented Internally driven self starter Leader, delegator and motivator Ability to learn and adapt quickly Creative, innovative, and strategic Strong knowledge of IT project lifecycle Engineering knowledge at the architecture level Natural problem solver with a strong awareness of risk Excellent verbal and written communicator in technical and business contexts Track record, managing with increasing levels of complexity; 1. senior stakeholder expectations in a cross-functional environment 2. simultaneous projects, focussing on execution against strategy 3. recruiting, coaching, and succession planning Description Apple is seeking an experienced senior program manager to lead our anti-fraud engineering program management team. The successful candidate will have the right balance of management, technical and project management skills to successfully deliver complex cross-functional projects in Apple’s fast-paced environment. We are looking for an individual with a proven track record delivering projects with complexity at scale, meeting business objectives. Someone self-motived, who can grasp technical concepts quickly, adapt to change while being an effective liaison between functional &amp; business groups. The senior program manager will manage AML's relationships with business and technical teams, working through the project managers to manage risk, expectations, and outcomes throughout the whole project lifecycle. This role will lead solution delivery that meets business and Apple goals, while maintaining industry and Apple Information Technology standards. Education BA/BS in Computer Science or related field with 8-13 years of applicable experience 