 Engineering Program Manager - GFx Job Number: 55164185 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Engineering Program Management Team is looking for a resourceful, energetic Engineering Program manager to join the graphics silicon design team and assist in program co-ordination both internally and with teams globally. This will involve working with the design teams on definition of the architecture, spec, design and verification from prototyping to initial samples. You will also be involved in post-silicon debug and resolving issues related to the graphics IP as we drive through to production. The preferred candidate is a hands-on top class organizer who can prioritize issues and day-to-day tasks and will exhibit first class communication skills. Key Qualifications Typically requires a minimum of 5 years’ experience working as a project manager or project support officer within a technical environment. Also requires 5+ years of hands on engineering experience within a silicon design environment. Skilled in the use of project management tools, bug trackers, spreadsheets and presentation applications. Strong time and task management skills with consistent attention to detail. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Strong desire to take responsibility for the quality of project communications. Description •Work directly with the design engineering team. •Responsible for collecting, collating and presenting project data in a clear way for communication to stakeholders at all levels. •Organizing regular project and team meetings: Focus design teams on program milestones and unblocking technical issues by pulling together the right cross-functional technical expert(s) to resolve the issues. •Capture and communicate meeting notes and actions and follow up on action items with responsible owners. •Track &amp; communicate project schedules and milestones. •Participate in technical discussions, ask probing questions, and work with the team to pull together scoping, schedules, and solutions to issues. •The EPM should propose, collect and analyze metrics to foresee trends, and correct course appropriately. •Drive post-mortem learning and improvement over time. Education •MSc or BSc degree in a technical discipline Additional Requirements Position open to Cupertino, CA or Austin, TX sites. 