 Location Services Intern Job Number: 112861093 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Developing new software and core technology within the CoreLocation Framework’s location daemon, supporting iOS, OS X, and WatchOS. Full-stack deployment working cross-functionally within the wireless radios team. Shape the next generation of location-aware mobile experiences by working on state-of-the-art technologies to seamlessly integrate people’s digital and physical lives. If you're passionate about building technology that will make a difference, we may be the team for you. Prior location experience not required. We’re seeking a creative problem solver who loves to program. We’re creating solutions to unsolved problems and building a location system is about more than just GPS and location algorithms. Apple is currently seeking enthusiastic interns who can work full-time for a minimum of 12-weeks between Fall 2017 and Summer 2018. Key Qualifications Join a team which designs, implements, and powers brand new technologies and services on the world's fastest-growing mobile development platform. We are looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer with a strong background in Computer Science and passion for software development, algorithms, and new technologies. Invent and design systems to solve interesting problems in GNSS, WiFi/Cell based location services, indoor positioning, iBeacon, location based reminders, inertial sensor fusion, dead-reckoning, crowd-sourced analytics, and other location related technologies. Design and implement data structures, threading models, business logic, and system architectures in support of location services. Optimize performance, robustness, and scalability of new and existing services. Work closely with mathematical experts and contribute/learn innovative insights. Design and implement full-stack technologies integrating wireless technologies to solve real-world location problems. Participate in brainstorming and evaluating new technologies as iOS continues to evolve. Description Join a team which designs, implements, and powers brand new technologies and services on the world's fastest-growing mobile development platform. We are looking for a highly motivated location estimation scientist with an understanding of location technologies and related fields (estimation theory, error modeling, classification, inertial sensors). Within the CoreLocation team, our scientists want to be developers and our developers want to be scientists (just like rockstars and baseball players!). We strongly encourage our scientists to be tinkerers and builders, willing to roll up their sleeves and dig into the production software work. Those who love to not only invent, but build real world systems and realize those inventions can thrive within our team! Invent and design systems to solve interesting problems in GNSS, INS, WiFi/Cell based location services, indoor positioning, iBeacon, location based reminders, inertial sensor fusion, dead-reckoning, crowd-sourced analytics, and other location related technologies. Education Working towards MS or PhD in computer science Additional Requirements Intrigued when faced with interesting programming problems. Interested in creating new technologies and solving the algorithmic challenges that come with it. Passion for actively learning new skills, techniques, and programming languages/libraries/frameworks. Desire to be exposed to all aspects of development; prototyping, planning, designing, productizing, launching, and scaling. Thrive in a collaborative environment and communicate effectively. Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways. Laser-focused on the smallest details that are meaningful to our customers. 