 Sr. Financial Analyst - Operations Job Number: 113046656 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an experienced and highly motivated Sr. Financial Analyst to join the Operation Finance team. The successful candidate will be responsible for (1) tracking and challenging Manufacturing related costs, modeling and recommendations, and decision support analyses, (2) business partnering with the Global Supply Managers, Biz Ops Managers, Operations, and Material Program Managers, (3) preparation and presentation of the monthly forecast review, (4) product per unit cost reporting, including cost modeling for new product, and (5) participating in global cross-functional process improvement initiatives. In this role you will also provide financial support to various operation VP and their staff, requiring excellent communication skills, a strong business acumen, and the ability to think fluidly during presentations. The position requires in-depth knowledge of the Division’s business strategies, forecasting processes, and the company’s goals. The successful candidate is a proven leader who embraces change, offers new perspectives, and constantly looks for new and improved ways to achieve results. You must have the ability to work independently with minimal supervision while completing a variety of complex, non-standardized tasks. Key Qualifications 3+ years experience in financial analysis with increasing responsibilities Solid analytical &amp; financial modeling background Must have strong track record of delivering high quality work under tight deadlines Creative and curious self starter Strong project management skills and excel at managing competing priorities Enthusiastic willingness to learn new technologies and spaces Capable of grasping essentials in unstructured complex situations Fierce attention to detail with laser beam accuracy Ability to persistently follow through many simultaneous open issues from end-to-end Outstanding communication and presentation skills to various levels of the organization Strong ability to build trusted internal networks across many functions to accomplish goals Champion for continuous improvement and innovative approaches High level of proficiency with Excel and Keynote Experience with database programs, SAP, Business Objects, Tableau are a plus Description Manufacturing scrap/rework/E&amp;O Planning &amp; Analyses: Analyze manufacturing costs and engage closely with business partners to understand drivers Apply relevant key metrics to challenge, support and be able to explain the submissions Drive standardization and best practices across Operations team Facilitate the resolution of cross functional issues. Business Partnering: Business partner to supply chain management Directors/Managers. Provide strategic consultation and guidance on forecasts, financial issues, policies and practices Assist operations teams by developing analyses, tools, processes and procedures to facilitate and monitor business initiatives. Monthly Forecast Review: Prepare and present the Monthly Forecast Review package working closely with the operations team Develop innovative analyses to facilitate the decision making process and to propose cost savings. Present complex financial/business flows in simplified form to operations and senior finance executives Education Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or related field. MBA a plus but not required. 