 Engineering Program Manager - CSM Job Number: 33934954 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a Silicon Program Manager, you will utilize your Program / Project management skills and have responsibility for driving Silicon program schedules and resolving technical issues that enable on-time quality Silicon delivery to Apple products. In this role you will be expected to manage full Silicon cycle from initial concept, through implementation, validation and qualification to mass production. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience managing a full SOC design flow, from concept to mass production. 2+ years of technical Program or Project Management experience. Good understanding of hardware and software integration challenges. Good understanding of both analog and digital design and development flows. Experience working in a dynamic fast-paced engineering environment and real-time crisis management skills. Strong desire to own/drive project development using well defined metrics. Excellent inter-personal and communication skills. Description •You will work as part of a PM team responsible for driving technical issue resolution to enable on-time silicon to meet aggressive product schedules •Driving internal processes to guarantee high quality Silicon definition and timely execution •Supporting high-level milestone execution in a fast paced core technology design teams •Driving Silicon issues with cross-functional teams at Apple and with vendors: Design, Verification, Validation, Process Technology, Packaging, Quality and Reliability, System Hardware and Core Software. •Focusing design teams on meeting milestones and unblocking technical issues by pulling together the right cross-functional technical expert(s) to resolve issues with emphasis on data-driven decisions. •Driving technical sessions with suppliers to track &amp; follow up on issues/escalations. Willing to travel frequently to vendor sites, as needed. •Highly disciplined issue reporting, bug tracking, and communication of program risks &amp; status. Education Bachelor Degree in Engineering. Masters Degree is an advantage. 