 Software Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 55087958 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 4, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple, Inc is looking for a highly motivated individual contributor to join the iTunes Process Engineering team. You will be a key part of shaping the future architecture of iTunes services. Key Qualifications Overall 4+ years of experience in software development. A strong foundation in Computer Science fundamentals such as data structures and algorithms is required. Several years of experience in any of the programming languages such as Java, Scala, Ruby, Python or Perl Hands on experience with Build &amp; Deploy technologies such as Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, Artifactory/Nexus, GIT, Puppet/Chef and exposure to UNIX based system administration experience Strong experience with improving Software Development Lifecycle and CI/CD pipelines. Deep expertise in software testing frameworks. Some experience with large-scale datacenter application deployments including monitoring and capacity planning. Demonstrated experience architecting, developing and deploying internet-scale, distributed and mission critical services is required. Strong software and system design skills are required. Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams. A desire to work in a fast-paced and challenging work environment. Description We are looking for a self starting, energetic individual with very strong software development experience with emphasis on Productivity tools development and DevOps chops. The ideal candidate should have at least 5 years of experience in working on internet-scale services. As part of the iTunes engineering team, your responsibilities include working closely with other engineering team members, Build team, QA engineers, and site reliability engineers. The selected candidate should not be afraid to question assumptions and should possess excellent verbal, written and communication skills. You will need to have both the technical chops and the communication skills to articulate your ideas as well as influence others. iTunes Infrastructure Engineers are team members of an agile development process. They are responsible for the design and implementation of applications’ build, release, deployment, configuration activities as well as tools and framework development. Other responsibilities include working with internal business partners to gather requirements, prototyping, architecting, implementing/updating solutions, building and executing test plans, performing quality reviews, managing operations, and triaging and fixing operational issues. iTunes Engineers must be able to adjust to constant business change; common types of changes include new requirements, evolving goals and strategies, and emerging technologies. iTunes Engineers require the ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate collaboratively at the highest technical levels with clients, vendors, partners, and all levels of staff. Education Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or relevant industry experience preferred 