 Sr. Software Full Stack Engineer and Technical Lead - Apple Customer Systems Job Number: 113098083 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple's Customer Systems team within the Information Systems and Technology organization as a Technical Lead/Sr. Software Engineer. This team builds leading edge custom applications that serve Apple customers and partners. These applications have helped Apple be #1 in customer support for eleven years in a row. The candidate must possess strong technology background, excellent leadership skills, be a pro-active solution-oriented individual with strong written and verbal communication skills. Key Qualifications Extensive experience with applications design, integration and deployment in an integrated global environment with focus on solutions for high volume consumer/partner oriented web apps Strong experience in designing and developing multi-tier web applications using RESTful web-services, Java/J2EE technologies, Strong experience in Service Oriented Architecture, Spring Framework Strong knowledge of Application and Web Servers, e.g. Tomcat, Jetty Experience with build and deployment tools, e.g., Git, Maven, etc Proficient in data modeling and data management using Relational database systems i.e Oracle Knowledge of NoSQL database systems such as Cassandra, MongoDB highly desirable Experience with Spark, Kafka, Hadoop is a big plus Experience in Python and Machine Learning algorithms is a big plus Must be able to brainstorm and communicate technology ideas and issues with peers and IT management Proven ability to innovate Solid hands on development experience in recent years Description Institutionalize best practices for applications development to ensure consistent delivery of quality architecture, solutions with high performance and scalability Keep up-to date on latest technology solutions in market to generate innovative ideas to solve business challenges Take technical ownership of multiple system platforms, setting technology roadmap with measurable objectives, monitoring and reporting on results Partner with business to ensure their expectations are met and managed Education BA/BS in Computer Science or related field with 10+ years of overall experience 