 Data Engineer - News Job Number: 112959233 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple News is looking for a highly experienced big data analytics engineer experienced with large-scale analytics systems for our team’s massive data analytics needs. This is a unique opportunity to join a focused team and work collaboratively with other groups to make a significant impact on our product. Key Qualifications Demonstrated experience using distributed computer frameworks on Hadoop, Spark, distributed SQL, and noSQL query engines. Able to setup large scale data pipeline and data monitoring system to make sure overall pipeline is healthy. Willing to take ownership of pipeline and can communicate concisely and persuasively to a varied audience including data provider, engineering and analysts. Ability to identify, prioritize, and answer the most critical areas where analytics and modeling will have a material impact. Experience in stream data processing and real time analytics of data generated from user interaction with applications is a plus. Knowledge in R, Python or other tools appropriate for large scale analysis of numerical and textual data is a plus. Description As the team’s dedicated Data Engineer, you will have the significant responsibility of shaping the direction of our data-informed app. The team will rely on your expertise to guide our data warehousing and querying strategies. This role is inherently cross-functional and the ideal candidate will work across disciplines to guide our purpose and identify opportunities and risks. You must proactively engage in critical questions and evangelize the data team’s goals. In addition to data organization, you should also be inherently curious and perform deeper analysis into user engagement using your understanding of human behavior to provide actionable insights, identify trends, and measure performance for our team’s various audiences. Your efforts will transform big data into a product that our customers will enjoy using every day. Education Bachelors Degree, or equivalent work experience. 