 IS&amp;T HelpLine Network Support Engineer Job Number: 83694129 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Jun. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Information Systems &amp; Technology (IS&amp;T) team manages key business and technical infrastructure at Apple -- how we take an order online, the experience with technology in our retail stores, how much network capacity we need around the world, the processing of every credit card an iTunes customer uses, and closing the books. IS&amp;T does it all. We are currently looking for a highly motivated, technically savvy, customer-oriented network support engineer who has the skills and experience to support Apple's global networks. This is an extremely fast-paced and highly demanding environment. If you have what it takes, we would like to talk to you. Work Hours: • Variable • Holiday and on-call work required at times Key Qualifications Excellent English oral and written communications skills Excellent interpersonal communications and customer-service skills Ability to work under pressure and manage difficult situations Experience managing outages and upgrades. Vendor coordination and troubleshooting on service provider links at a large enterprise Skills and experience in configuring and troubleshooting network devices which includes switches, routers, firewalls, wireless controllers and access points in a large enterprise consisting of multiple environments (WAN, LAN, retail stores, and data center traffic management) Skills and experience needed to configure monitoring tools. Ability to maximize network performance through monitoring Skills and experience troubleshooting DNS, DHCP, NetScalers, and Global Server Load Balancers (GSLB) Minimum 1 year of experience with network incident and problem management Cisco CCNA certification and competencies Juniper JNCIA certification and competencies Description Amaze yourself. Amaze the world. A job at Apple is unlike any other you've had. You'll be challenged. You'll be inspired. And you'll be proud. Because whatever your job is here, you'll be part of something big. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job -- like everyone here -- and there's no telling what you could accomplish. IS&amp;T’s Global Network and Computing Services (GNCS) provides architecture, planning, management, and maintenance of Apple’s global networks and computing systems. GNCS delivers world-class information technology infrastructure from Apple’s data and voice networks and data center hosted computing systems to each Mac or IOS device…and everything in between. Additional Requirements Preferred Experience and Skills • Cisco CCNP certification • Juniper JNCIS, or JNCIP; FWV 