 Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) Job Number: 83913264 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Come join SRE@Apple! The Internet Services Operations team is looking for Site Reliability Engineers to build and run the services that millions of customers use every day. We are hiring high quality engineers with a diverse set of experiences and skill sets for positions on Apple's public facing properties &amp; internal services including iCloud, iTunes and Maps. The strongest candidates will have both solid Linux / Systems expertise and demonstrated Software Development chops. Our customers count on us to provide exceptional availability, scalability and security for services. As an SRE in ISO, you'll be a on a team of DevOps warriors whose mission it is to build and improve Apple's most critical internet services. Are you up to the challenge? Key Qualifications Strong sense of ownership, customer service, and integrity demonstrated through clear communication. Demonstrated ability to write programs using a high-level programming language like: C, Java, Ruby, Python, or Perl. Proclivity towards efficient programming emphasizing improvement via complexity analysis. Experience managing large numbers of diverse systems with configuration management systems like: Puppet, Chef, Ansible, or Salt. Deep understanding of the Linux Operating System, including Kernel, Memory, Process, Threads, Static / Shared Libraries, IPC, Signals. Understanding of standard networking protocols and components such as: HTTP, DNS, TCP/IP, ICMP, the OSI Model, Subnetting and Load Balancing. Fundamental understanding of distributed systems including: the CAP Theorem, Microservices, and the Twelve Factor App. Passion for eliminating repetitive manual processes using automation. Description The services ISO runs are Big. Operating at our scale, across multiple geographically dispersed data centers and servicing hundreds of millions of users presents unique challenges. As an SRE @ Apple, you'll need to solve these problems using data, teamwork, and your own expertise. SRE's @ Apple own the full infrastructure stack; from device driver performance debugging to content delivery network traffic management, our responsibilities are both broad and deep. ISO runs the majority of it's systems on Linux. We run a mix of open source and internally developed tools for system &amp; configuration management, provisioning, software deployment, and monitoring. You'll learn these tools and have opportunities to improve them. Our team embodies a "Startup" mentality; fostering a strong entrepreneurial spirit. If you have a better solution to a problem; document a strategy for improvement, advocate for your strategy through persuasion and socialization efforts, then carry it through to completion. Good ideas are heard and results are rewarded. Education BS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent employment experience. Additional Requirements Architect, author and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability and security of Apple's internet services. Build and manage systems, infrastructure and applications through automation. Deploy, support and monitor new and existing services, platforms, and application stacks. Use scale testing to measure, tune and optimization system performance. Participate in periodic on-call duties. 