 Decision Support Analyst Job Number: 113013912 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 21, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh. Today, Apple continues to lead the industry in innovation with its award-winning computers, operating systems, smart phones and tablet computers, this is made possible because we value the “Think Different” philosophy. Make a difference. The Operations team at Apple is looking for a dynamic and motivated candidate for the role of the Decision Support Analyst. The role is an opportunity for a self-driven individual to utilize his or her business acumen, acquire process knowledge and apply analytical skills to deliver creative, value-added solutions to the Operations team at Apple. Key Qualifications Minimum 5 years experience within Operations and Supply Chain desired Proven data driven decision making skills Computational analysis using Excel, mySQL, Teradata, Business Objects and Tableau are required Provide analytical expertise to the operations team Ability to provide leadership and operate in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment Ability to rapidly learn and adapt to business changes Create and maintain the foundational data roadmap, leverage data mining techniques across complex hierarchies using multiple data sources Leverage process improvement techniques to streamline process and architect solutions Detail oriented and self-motivated individual able to function effectively when working independently or in a team Ability to maintain poise and a positive attitude in a challenging environment Excellent communication and presentation skills Create/ maintain the management system to improve the operational performance Assist with new product launch activities Perform testing to support system implementations and upgrades Leverage industry best practices for data analysis and share across the operations community Description The Analyst needs to be adept in the use of data forensics, statistical tools and techniques to be able to identify process gaps, root cause issues and recommend solutions to allow for data driven decision making. Knowledge, expertise and hands on experience of quantitative analysis in the supply chain domain is expected. Ability to crisply articulate findings to senior leadership and a passion for driving excellence is desired. Ability to think strategically and execute on operational strategies to make definitive and measurable improvements for the operations team along with providing leadership in a cross functional environment across geographies is a must have. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, perform effectively under dynamic conditions such as directional changes, tight deadlines and limited resources. Organizational skills and the ability to multi-task are essential. Commitment to keeping up to date with industry leading technologies, techniques, tools and best practices An understanding of complex data sources &amp; relationships, reporting tools and systems knowledge, expertise required to drive changes in the data architecture. Experience with requirements gathering to create a data roadmap to scale the information needs of the business in an agile and robust manner is desired. Ability to translate technical content for non-technical audiences and vice-versa would be beneficial. The Analyst will lead and/or participate in cross-functional teams to address business complex issues from an analysis and process perspective and be the focal point of contact for systems escalations, may required to travel on occasion. The successful candidate must be adept at relationship building, negotiation and influencing at many levels in the organization. This position will suit an experienced problem solver, with attention to detail and business acumen, a positive attitude and the ability to communicate and negotiate within many levels of an organization. Education BS/MBA in Operations Management/ Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or an Engineering background is preferred. 