 Senior Performance Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113114592 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple, Inc. is looking for a highly motivated, hands-on, senior leader who is passionate about performance engineering to join the iTunes and App Store server engineering group. We are looking for a candidate with the technical chops, leadership and communication skills to work with and influence other leaders in the iTunes organization as it relates to improving performance up and down the stack. You will be responsible for driving constant performance improvement across a variety of applications. Key Qualifications Minimum of 10 years of experience in software development 6+ years of development in Java Strong software and system design skills Some experience in Java JVM tuning A strong foundation in Computer Science fundamentals such as data structures and algorithms is required. Some experience with large-scale datacenter application deployments including monitoring and capacity planning Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams Experience troubleshooting HTTP traffic flows with either tcpdump, Charles Proxy, or similar tools Experience with analytics data collection and processing large volumes of data Strong understanding of DNS, TCP/IP and HTTP Description We are looking for a self-starting, energetic individual with very strong leadership and technical capabilities. The ideal candidate should have at least 10 years of experience in working on internet-scale services. As part of the iTunes engineering team, your responsibilities include working closely with other engineering team members and site reliability engineers. The selected candidate will not be afraid to question assumptions and possess excellent verbal, written and communication skills. You will need to have both the technical chops and the communication skills to articulate your ideas as well as influence others. Education • Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or relevant industry experience preferred 