 Software Quality Assurance Engineer Job Number: 113127820 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Media Products Engineering Team is looking for a Quality Assurance Engineer to join our group in a hybrid black box/white box. Responsibilities include; performing functional, regression, ad-hoc and compatibility testing of Apple Music and Cloud Library services on Mac OS, iOS, Apple TV. Day to day work involves bug reporting and isolation, test plan documentation, writing test case automation and working closely with other teams (engineering, project management, etc.). This position demands a self-motivated individual with strong technical and communication skills who can contribute in a team environment. The ideal candidate will: -posses exceptional analytical skills in test case design and bug diagnosis -be dynamic and prepared to test/regress a high volume of changes on a day-to-day basis. -demonstrate excellent bug reporting skills and the ability to communicate clearly with third parties. Key Qualifications Demonstrated knowledge of testing cloud data storage and or sync-based services Extrensive experience black box testing Client-Server products Knowledge of internet protocols, web proxies, caching and other Web related fundamentals Experience traversing Unix directory structures; use basic Unix commands to scrape log files Thorough knowledge of Mac OS X, Apple mobile products, and Windows platforms Comfortable and adaptable in a fast-paced environment Strong analytical, problem solving and creative thinking skills Excellent verbal and written communication Dedication to user-focused design &amp; high quality technology Strong commitment to technical quality assurance as a key part of the software development cycle Willingness to work cross-functionally with other teams to make all products and deployments seamless for our customers Bachelors degree or 5 years relevant experience Ability to lead projects and contribute as part of a team Demonstrated ability to write automation using Python or other object oriented languages Description 5 years gray box QA Experience with behavior-driven development (e.g. Cucumber) Experience with Big Data SQL Education BS in computer science or similar experience Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 