 Sr. Cell Engineer - Battery Job Number: 56763099 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Battery Product Development team at Apple produces high energy and highly reliable embedded battery systems for all product teams. Tightly integrated with Product Development, Operations, Industrial Design and Reliability Testing groups, the Battery Product Development team owns battery module development from initial system architecture through ramp. The Battery Cell Engineering Design Group works within the Battery Product Development organization and is seeking a technical leader focused on developing and qualifying advanced lithium based rechargeable cell designs for new product consideration, develop performance and test specifications for batteries for new products, work to define cell designs that meet internal customer requirements and supervise failure analysis and root cause investigations. Key Qualifications Ten years of direct battery material and design development including, process tracking and performance / safety characterization experience with emphasis on lithium ion or lithium polymer battery cells. Familiarity with applicable test equipment, test procedures, international standards and certified agency requirements applicable to rechargeable lithium battery products. Familiarity with current state of the art production processes applicable to lithium rechargeable cells. Experience in working with external vendors and contractors to develop and qualify battery designs for consumer applications. Experience with applying quality tools and their application to production of lithium batteries including statistical analysis of performance. results, process capabilities, and design of experiments. Experience with mathematical modeling of lithium ion battery designs is also desired. Familiarity with applicable patent field and patent application process. Description Develops performance specifications and assists with establishing mechanical dimension and cell design details required to meet application requirements. Leads engineering qualification efforts for new lithium rechargeable cell designs from concept to completion. Using quality tools, determines process capabilities, summarizes design qualification data and determines acceptability for production ramp. Works with suppliers, contractors, support staff and management to ensure that new product designs are developed on time and on budget. Conducts investigations, prepare related status reports for problems or issues and makes recommendations as required. Researches literature and industry for advanced technology that may be applicable for next generation cell design and works with vendor supply base to evaluate efficacy and readiness. Pursues development of intellectual property to protect technology developments and secure competitive position. Acts as technical contact point for any main or accessory products that use primary and secondary batteries as primary and backup power source. Education MS in Material Science, Electrochemistry, Chemical Engineering or better Additional Requirements 20% Travel to suppliers and manufacturing facilities expected 