 Studies Project Manager, Health Technologies Job Number: 85998334 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Health Technologies Team conceives and proves out exciting new technology for Apple’s future products and features. We are seeking a Studies Project Manager to lead development efforts for health related projects. Key Qualifications 5+ years of project management experience Strong human research background Strong track record of on-time project delivery Experience working with and managing external test sites and/or managing vendors Strong organizational and management skills Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Some travel is required, approximately 20% Description Studies Project Managers are responsible for managing and communicating project definition, development milestones, project schedules, and project status internally and with external test sites. A Studies Project Manager must be able to prioritize issues and track the details as well as be in touch with the big picture issues. Studies Project Managers must be fearless organizers who are ready to work with the highly skilled hardware, software, mechanical design and industrial design teams to identify and resolve potential risks to the schedule and risks to the quality of data. Success is defined in terms of timeliness of quality data collection. Studies Project Managers need to have a strong understanding of human studies research lifecycle - from feasibility definition to data analysis. We are looking for someone who is flexible and can respond quickly, energetically, and enthusiastically to changes. Cross-functional communication skills and experience are essential. The Studies Project Manager will interact with all engineering design disciplines, data analysis, and additional project management teams. The Studies Project Manager will be responsible for maintaining communication with external test sites; maintaining project schedules; cross-functional organization, communication, and management; creating meetings and documenting action items and progress; reporting and presenting to senior management on project status and schedules. Education B.S., M.S., or equivalent in Biology or any engineering discipline 