 Sr. iOS Developer -Numbers Job Number: 86191940 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States Posted: Jul. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Numbers team is hiring a dynamic software engineer with the drive and desire to deliver beautiful and engaging applications on the Mac, iOS and web platforms. The Productivity Application team has delivered several ground-breaking products, including the iCloud-enabled, multi-platform iWork suite. Key Qualifications Proficiency in Objective-C, C++, or JavaScript. Proficiency in object-oriented design and development. Proficiency in building scalable, high-performance software. Understanding of multi-platform application architectures and design patterns. Strong communication and collaborative skills. Ability to work undirected and solve complex problems. Experience developing products using agile development methodologies. Experience with OS X or iOS APIs is a plus. Experience with language parsers, compilers, and data dependency graphs a plus. Description We are specifically hiring for a member of the calculation engine group within the Numbers team. The calculation engine is an essential component of Numbers, and your responsibilities will include: defining and implementing new features, refining our intuitive user interface, and building highly scalable and memory efficient data structures and algorithms to manage the complex computation model. You will contribute to software that helps improve the lives of our users all over the world. Education Bachelors Degree, or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements You must be innovative, detail-oriented, proactive, and hardworking. As a Numbers software engineer working on the calculation engine you will be a contributing member of an agile team that implements new product features, fixes bugs, and improves the performance and quality of our codebase. Comfort with a collaborative environment that is supportive as well as critical in its pursuit of perfection is a must. 