 Senior Product Manager- Search Ads Marketplace Job Number: 56739118 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Search Ads is an easy, efficient and fast-growing platform for app discovery. With over 65% of all app downloads resulting directly from a search on the App Store, Search Ads is quickly becoming the app promotion platform of choice for iOS developers. We are looking for a world-class Product Manager to join the team and help build the next generation of marketplace algorithms and optimization tools. Are you looking for a technically challenging product management position? Do you get excited turning insights from large data sets into product improvements? We are searching for a candidate with a proven track record of enabling cross-functional teams to deliver complex systems. The ideal candidate will understand the world of optimization systems development and data driven product management, orchestrate a product plan and schedule, then successfully manage execution from development to launch and continued optimization and operation of the product. Key Qualifications A minimum of 8 years of experience building large scale forecasting, optimization or machine learning systems. Experience in web/mobile search or search advertising is required, particularly experience related to advertising serving or advertising performance prediction. Experience with localization and global product rollout. Experience managing products through the full life cycle: strategy, development, launch, optimization, sunset. Experience launching a v1 product is a plus. A track record of achieving significant and demonstrable results on complex projects. Experience working with large datasets and building systems on top of large datasets. Working knowledge of Python, R, SAS or other scripting or statistical programming language necessary for analyzing large datasets is a plus. Knowledge/experience with machine learning, information retrieval. Description Accountable for advertising performance prediction and ad-serving optimization product capabilities, features, and SLAs. Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand business direction, customer needs, product structure and requirements. Define, prioritize and deliver marketplace product roadmap and product features based on business requirements. Measure resulting outcomes and continuously optimize future initiatives. Defining project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with business project teams, senior management and key stakeholders. Overseeing the development, delivery and deployment of the solution. This role involves a fair amount of hands-on data analysis on big datasets. Education BS or MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics or related areas. 