 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - Platform Architecture Job Number: 54508869 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Operations Engineering team is looking for a top-notch Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our team. You will define the end-to-end vision of our machine learning strategy as it relates to test and the product assembly process helping create intelligent applications that have a direct and measurable impact to Apple. This will include the design and implementation of new machine learning algorithms which are scalable and automated to apply to large scale operations data. Key Qualifications Minimum four years of solid hands-on experience applying machine learning techniques to build models integrated into applications. Additional experience with data visualization, data analytics and data mining. Strong analytic problem solving skills, and an aptitude for learning systems quickly. Strong software development skills with proficiency in Python (applied background in Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Cassandra, and knowledge of R is a plus). Experienced user of machine learning and statistical-analysis libraries, such as GraphLab Create, scikit-learn, scipy, NetworkX, Spacy, and NLTK Experience with deep learning frameworks, such as mxnet, Torch, Caffe, and TensorFlow Strong working knowledge of ML algorithms including decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering,, regression, and neural networks. High level of autonomy and influence to unblock delivery of results (evaluate and solve difficult problems involving various teams ranging from data instrumentation to analytics tool development). A strong desire to establish standards of "Best Practice”. Ability to analyze existing database schema DDL/instance layout and determine impacts migrating to new target schema/instance environment. Ability to explain and present analyses machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience. Description In the role of data architect you will work closely with the users, systems designers and the developers. You will engage with engineering and operations teams to lead and develop machine learning solutions for a variety of tasks and projects using a multitude of tools and techniques. You will also be trusted advisor for best practice machine learning development. Your responsibilities will include: Architecting and developing machine learning solutions. Develop proof-of-concept apps that use machine learning on petabytes of operational data that provide analytical insight to engineering teams. Work closely with platform development teams to integrate ML tools/solutions to a high-performance production solution model. Education Ph.D. in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research with 5+ years experience applying data science techniques to real business problems. * Additional Requirements Minimum 3-5 years professional experience in a related/similar occupation. Proven relationship building and ability to effectively influence peers and management. A strong sense of ownership Able to develop and present complex problems in a simple way. Ability to quickly switch between details and the big picture. Strong written and verbal communication skills, and ability to present to management. Experience with a global company and virtual teams is required. Highly desirable to have high tech manufacturing related education / experience (but not required). This position may require up to 15% travel. 