 Cloud Storage Software Engineer Job Number: 57252211 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you a talented software engineer with a passion for distributed systems? Ready to be part of a focused and fun team bringing FoundationDB technologies to Apple’s infrastructure? At Apple, scale is huge and impact is enormous — you could be part of a team with a growing mission and that is powering storage behind many of Apple’s most popular properties. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what we can do! Key Qualifications A successful track-record or demonstrated aptitude as a software developer. Clear skills as a key contributor to highly productive teams. Passion for diving into hard problems and working with others to create novel solutions. A contagious curiosity about distributed systems and how to make them better. Description We are designing, coding, and supporting new, critical infrastructure systems that power many of the products and services that make Apple’s experiences so great. Our team is growing and so is our mission — each day more of Apple’s customers come to rely on the infrastructure that we provide. And we have fun doing it, too! This team is bringing the FoundationDB distributed database technology to the Apple infrastructure ecosystem. In line with this mission, we’re unlocking new productivity and scale for consistent systems state storage services. Many properties across Apple services will rely on the systems our software powers for high-volume, critical, real-time storage. The stakes couldn’t be higher — and the team could not be a better fit for the job. This Storage Engineering team needs a strong, self-driven developer to join as an early member of this group. This person will have a tremendous amount of individual responsibility and influence over the direction the backend of many critical Apple internet services take for years to come. The ideal candidate is someone with ideas and passion for software delivered as a service to maximize reuse, efficiency, and simplicity. This engineer’s work will impact hundreds of millions of users and be critical to the success of some of the most visible current and future Apple features. Education B.Sc or higher in Computer Science and at least 2 years industry experience Additional Requirements Expertise with C++ or similar language, as well as some scripting experience. Familiarity with No-SQL or other modern data storage systems a plus. Experience creating custom board games is a plus. 