 Enterprise Training Reporting Analyst Job Number: 113132199 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is committed to help enterprise businesses transform the way people work. To realize this goal, we provide training content, tools and programs that assist developers, system integrators, sales professionals and end-users to successfully develop, sell, deploy and leverage complete Apple solutions. Our success depends on deep understanding of how our training initiatives are being implemented by our internal and external partners. The Training Reporting &amp; Operations and Enterprise training teams are looking for a talented, self-motivated, and results-oriented reporting analyst to gather, analyze, and present actionable information that helps Apple to better support our enterprise audiences. The ideal candidate will be an experienced professional with functional expertise, and will perform all aspects of reporting and analysis — data acquisition, quality assessment, report and dashboard building, documentation, and presentation of results. You'll be customer-oriented, have strong communication and analytical skills, project management expertise, a passion for data visualization, and previous experience with Business Intelligence (BI) tools. You’ll work on a diverse scope of problems where data analysis requires evaluation of identifiable factors. You'll work across multiple reporting systems and develop rich reports to help our business teams understand how audiences consume learning content across various vehicles. And their recommendations will drive continuous improvement in our team’s ability to create compelling content to enable enterprise audiences to fully leverage the benefits of our platform. Key Qualifications Proven analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Experience with modern analytics, reporting and business intelligence Working knowledge of business processes and related reporting &amp; analysis activities Proficiency in Tableau, Excel/Numbers, and SAP BusinessObjects Web Intelligence Proficient at SQL, report writing and presenting findings Knowledge of other analytical tools (e.g. Splunk, SAS, R, Pandas, Hadoop, Spark) a plus Experience with data warehouse a plus Technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques Excellent written and verbal communications skills, attention to detail, critical thinking and analysis. Able to work effectively within a fast changing environment, tight deadlines, priority changes and multiple constituencies Ability to evaluate workflows and tools, and to improve and simplify processes Quick learner and avid to challenge yourself every day — curiosity is a must! Minimum 5 years of experience in data or business reporting is required Description You’ll be the go-to person for reporting requests in the Training Reporting &amp; Operations team You’ll work with business owners to scope reporting requirements and define meaningful metrics for training and communications consumption. You’ll work with our reporting systems—including Tableau, BusinessObjects and Adobe SiteCatalyst (Omniture)—to measure content consumption across web, email, and mobile. You’ll perform all aspects of reporting and analysis (data acquisition, quality assessment, report building and automation, documentation and presenting results) You’ll prepare daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly analysis and reporting on key business metrics for management You’ll extract and dive deep into the data, assess its integrity, and deliver meaningful insights to managers and business partners in a comprehensive manner You’ll conduct regular evaluations to measure content effectiveness and work with program and content owners to recommend strategies for improvement. You’ll work on multiple projects with great attention to details and deadlines, and high awareness of business priorities. Education Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, business administration or information technology, or relevant industry experience is required 