 Software Development Engineer, AdServer - Ad Platforms Job Number: 55723595 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Ad Platforms team is seeking a Software Development Engineer with background in Tools and Automation to join our Search Algorithm Tools &amp; Automation team. In this role, you will not only be developing software for our Advertising Platform, you will also wear the QE hat and will design tools and automation to test complex machine learning algorithms. You will also be responsible for design and development of features for AdServing &amp; Algorithms areas and write unit test cases to ensure best code quality, therefore strong development skills in Java &amp; Python are must. You will also be working closely with the entire cross-functional team while working on these complex large scale projects, so strong communication skills are expected from this role. You will also be designing tools to simulate functionality of these machine learning algorithms in order to predict their success/failure in production. Key Qualifications 2+ years experience in design and development of systems using Java in a Unix environment 2+ years experience developing highly available, low latency, web-scale, distributed systems Experience with application servers, such as Tomcat, and web technologies, such as JSP and HTTP Experience building test automation frameworks and business use-case testing. Ability to take requirements from design through to implementation both independently and with larger teams Experience working closely with operational teams on deployment, monitoring, and management concerns Understanding of Java memory management and garbage collection is a plus Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills. Experience in Continuous Integration/Delivery systems. Experience with Git, Docker, Kafka, Solr, Cassandra, Hadoop is a plus Prior experience in the internet advertising industry is a huge plus Description You will be responsible for design and development of large-scale, web-based, distributed systems using Java and Machine Learning Algorithms. These features will be developed at fast pace using Agile methodologies in Continuous Integration/Delivery environment. You will also design and develop test automation frameworks and tools to ensure high quality of deliverables. This job also expects you to Improve existing system’s performance, reliability, scalability and resilience. You will get a chance to work with cross-functional teams to deliver large set of features that span across various groups in Apple Education Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or another closely related field. Master’s Degree preferred. Additional Requirements Experience of Hive/HDFS/Oracle data base Knowledge of IMS 