 Siri Language Engineer (Cloud Services Localization) - Japanese Job Number: 84004214 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Come and join the team that teaches Siri how to understand and speak new languages. We are an extremely diverse and passionate group dedicated to bringing the future of intelligent assistants to the world. We are looking for a highly motivated engineer, expert in foreign languages and with strong software development skills to join our team. Key Qualifications Strong preference for some focus or experience in classification, information retrieval, natural language processing, machine learning or related sub-fields Native speaker fluency in Japanese. Work with minimal supervision, proactive and self-motivated for timely delivery of quality code. Demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities and troubleshooting skills. Engineering experience and interest in diverse technical areas. Clear and compelling communication skills. User driven focus. Interest in embedded applications. Description You will be responsible for the international engineering of Siri, and be required to interact with several world class teams of experts at Apple. From speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption all the way to speech synthesis, you will be involved and challenged to bring innovative solutions to complex engineering issues, with an international flavor. Knowing your local market is key. We are looking for a demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, superior technical expertise, and a knack for solving problems that stump most engineers. Having worked on shipping products and being familiar with the rush to the finish line is highly desired. This is an opportunity to durably shape the future of human - computer interaction, and walk the bleeding edge of a nascent field. Specific responsibilities will include: * Developing natural language processing code specific to your language * Provide input and suggestions towards innovating new approaches and new product features tailored to your home market * Coming up with clever solutions to complex issues * Automating and integrating workflow from diverse systems. * Daily interaction with other teams at Apple working towards the same goal. Education * B.S/MSc in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields 