 Web Developer Job Number: 112948586 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine how you could change the technology landscape for Apple’s North America Sales team. The Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) team is responsible for implementing tools, strategies, and processes that increase sales efficiency and effectiveness for Apple’s Channel Sales vision. The Web Developer will join a team of technologists and problem solvers in all aspects of designing and building the right solutions for the business. We are not married to one particular technology stack. In fact, the role is not limited to just web development; we work across Web, iOS, FileMaker, and other technologies. There will be opportunities for a self starter to learn from others, and plenty of opportunities to teach others as well. Key Qualifications 5+ Years of Full Stack Web Development NODE.JS AngularJS or comparable framework (ReactJS) OO DESIGN PRINCIPLES Database Design (MySQL) JAVASCRIPT CSS HTML Description As a web developer with the BPR Tools team, you will be responsible for end-to-end creation of regional tools, including the following: Understand the north America sales technology landscape Keep up to date with programming trends Understand how different segments of the Sales business operate Meet with business stakeholders to understand their needs Recommend the innovative technology solutions for each request Design and build back-end architecture Design appealing front-end UI with intuitive UX Build and own projects from end to end Contribute to other team projects Be comfortable working in an Agile development lifecycle Present your work to business leaders Support and improve tools built by the team Education B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Nice to have: iOS Development PHP Python UI/UX Design Responsive design FileMaker Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 