 Camera &amp; Photos - Computational Photography Scientist Job Number: 58089090 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. The seamless integration of software and hardware has led to features like Memories and Portrait Mode which deliver experiences that are magical. The Camera &amp; Photos team focuses on user-experience by leveraging computer vision and image processing through machine learning. Our team works hard on products that ship to millions of people. We are looking for people who want to do the same. The Computational Imaging team develops the camera pipelines and innovative algorithms for Apple’s mobile devices, including the iPhone and iPad. Combining innovative algorithms with optimized implementations, our team delivers the quality and features which help to re-define mobile photography. If you’re passionate about inventing and developing new imaging algorithms to improve the photography experience, we would like to hear from you. Key Qualifications 5-10 years combined research and practical experience in developing algorithms for image processing, depth/disparity estimation, optical flow, object tracking, image registration Strong coding skills in C, C++, and Python Basic knowledge of Objective-C Strong analytical and problem solving skill Demonstrated leadership in both research and development. Excellent written and verbal communications Ability to work hands-on in cross functional teams. Possess an understanding and have experience in productizing or publishing your research results. Description You will leverage your research background and knowledge of computer vision to create, develop and enhance Apple technologies. You will develop ideas and concepts into commercially viable algorithms. You are up-to-date with the latests developments in computer vision, both in academia and in industry, and will be able to leverage your knowledge to work and influence Apple's products. Education M.S. or Phd in Computer Science or a related field (mathematics, physics or computer engineering), ideally with a focus or related work on imaging, computer vision, or machine learning. Additional Requirements Skills in OpenGL/OpenCL/Metal would be a plus. OS X or iOS development experience would be a plus. 