 Info Systems Engineer, IS&amp;T Collaboration Services Job Number: 113165030 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Job Summary The Client &amp; Collaboration Services team ensures Apple’s employees are productive, efficient and secure. As part of the Collaboration Services team you will be responsible for identifying and implementing cutting edge products while managing flawless operations of existing systems. Key Qualifications Be the point of contact for consumers of the API and develop relationships with the key consumers. Coach junior staff and assist in training new API developers. Be able to articulate the many aspects of architecture including authentication and authorization, access management, data management, performance management, and 3rd party product administration. Be completely hands on and be able to code and trouble shoot issues on a daily basis implementing code review, unit test, integration test processes. Write code samples, articles, best practices, and tutorials. Excellent communication, organizational and presentation skills with experience in communicating to people with engineering or non-engineering background effectively. Answer API support questions and work closely with business analysts, programmers and other members of the professional service and product development teams Contribute to and drive the development of workflow processes through the use of API integrations Have exceptional experience managing technical deliverables involving multiple parties and be able to effectively coordinate with multiple parties to ensure the projects are completing on time and with great quality Experience developing distributed systems using Micro Services, SOA, REST. Solid intuition on what makes good RESTful services. Exceptional Java programming skills. Familiarity with Git, Jenkins, Scrum development process Experience with Relational, NoSQL databases, OEL system administration and SAML Accomplished automation/scripting experience with Bash, Perl, Python, or other. Demonstrated design and UX sensibilities. Comfortable with HTML5, AJAX based websites and jQuery (bonus points for Angular or React experience) Troubleshoot, research and analyze root causes of and develop solutions for issues related to connectivity, data transformation and usability of our API’s. Keep technical skills and product knowledge sharp via ongoing training and personal study Description You will be responsible for day development activities of a group of junior developers and contractors. Beyond that, you’ll bring your best influencing skills to bear so that others join your vision for the most customer-centric results possible. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience 