 Siri Performance Engineer Job Number: 50015184 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. Key Qualifications Experience in one or more programming languages: Java, C, Objective-C Experience in one or more scripting languages such as Python, Awk, Bash Understanding of large scale distributed system architectures Big data analytics experience: Hadoop, Pig, Spark, R Passion for root-causing performance bottlenecks Excellent data analysis skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented, excellent problem solving ability and critical thinking Excellent communication skills, both oral and written Description The Siri team is looking for a talented, broadly-skilled developer who is a creative problem-solver, thrives in a fast-paced environment, can work well across teams and organizations, and has a passion for root-causing performance bottlenecks and designing solutions. We thrive in automation, designing and implementing frameworks and other infrastructure for data analysis, creating tools with elegant and effective user interfaces. Our engineers collaborate with many internal sub-teams, such as engineering, design, QA, operations, and project management, and will be working in a heterogeneous environment. We propose and implement architectural changes- or sometimes just a one-line configuration tweak, thus deep technical capabilities, strong communication skills and a knack to use hard data to triage issues is a must have requirement. If you're interested, you probably are a generalist engineer, defying categorization. Strong programming, excellent problem-solving and communication skills, and a passion to make the best products possible is the key! Education MS CS/CE or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Nice to Have: Java, Big Data, Distributed Systems 