 Automation Engineer - Product Integration Job Number: 49936637 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Battery NPI Engineering Team, at Apple, produces high energy, highly reliable embedded battery systems for all product teams. Tightly integrated with Product Development, Operations, Industrial Design and Reliability Testing groups, the Battery Product Development team owns battery module development from initial system architecture through product ramp. The Product Integration Group works cross-functionally with System Engineering, Operations, AME and Battery Cell and Pack teams to develop and execute methods of fabricating, inspecting and installing battery cells and modules into systems. Key Qualifications 7+ years experience in writing, programming and support of automation logic (PLC and/or computer) to control fabrication and assembly equipment. 7+ years experience in high volume automated material handling equipment. 7+ years experience in developing optimal control strategies for electro-mechanical systems Expert in root cause and corrective action of software and mechanical equipment. Expert in pick and place, stacking and vision systems. Convertor line experience desirable. Experience with Lithium-based battery fabrication technologies desirable Experience with portable consumer electronic batteries desirable SKILLS Systems modeling and control system development Strong understanding of design, process, inspection and validation methods. Strong ability in root cause failure analysis and corrective action planning. Exceptional engineering fundamentals in automation controls software and mechanical design. Strong in GD&amp;T and SPC. Experience, in high volume automation techniques for component inspection, fabrication and assembly. Ability to identify and communicate clear project goals and project plans Data driven to justify technical decisions. Excellent written and verbal skills a must Ability to drive programs to completion Ability to work with other engineering teams to arrive at suitable solutions. Self motivated, with a proven record of successful execution. Self-starter with excellent time management skills and entrepreneurial spirit Description The Product Integration Automation Engineer will be responsible for mechanical design, control software development and validation of automatic and semi-automatic assembly equipment for cell and pack fabrication, battery inspection/testing and pack installation at FATP. Automation Controls &amp; Equipment Design •Develop systems-based models of automated or semi-automated fabrication systems allowing control system development •Use these models to develop optimal control strategies for the equipment •Write PLC and/or computer code to control automated or semi-automatic battery fabrication and assembly machines. •Debug PLC and/or computer code written by third party vendor to optimize placement and stacking of multi-layer electrode cells. •Develop SPC software controls for real time dimensional data trending with closed loop adjustment. •Program Human Machine Interfaces (HMI) for diverse automated processes. •Work cross-functionally with internal Apple teams and external vendors to develop and validate automated equipment to fabricate battery cells and packs. •Work with cross-functional teams to optimize OQC, IQC, handling, installation, inspection equipment. •Feedback to Pack and cell design teams to improve battery design for ease of manufacture and installation •Create and execute design of experiments, (DOE), to root cause and validate software and mechanical design. •Communicates status effectively to team and management. •Conduct design reviews, incorporate team feedback and release design documents to support programs. •Deep Dive failure analysis and corrective action planning for existing fabrication, inspection and pack installation equipment Education BS Mechanical and/or Software Engineering with emphasis in Control Systems Engineering; MS preferred Additional Requirements International/domestic travel ~ 30% 