 Manufacturing Engineer Job Number: 113200968 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Service Center is the reverse logistics arm of AppleCare. We have 6 regional sites in the Americas, all providing support to receive, sort, and screen defective iOS and Mac material from repairs completed in the field. Working in this dynamic fast paced environment; the Manufacturing Engineer develops, implements and maintains methods, operation sequence and processes for a high volume reverse logistics, mail-in repair, and screening operation. Interfaces with AppleCare engineering to coordinate introduction of new products and procedures. Estimates logistics process cost and impacts to existing process. Determines time standards, HC requirements and makes recommendations for tooling, equipment and process requirements for new or existing product/process lines. Maintains records and reporting for logistics and screening operations. Monitors quality and performance attainment by OEM or 3PL partners. Subject matter expert on warehouse reverse logistics and screening processes for global and regional project implementation. Coordinates with service center team to understand issues/impacts and recommends best course of action. Manages small projects and coordinates cross-functional teams to resolve complex issues and implement change. Key Qualifications KNOWLEDGE: Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Reverse logistics and mobile device screening/repair a plus JOB COMPLEXITY: Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Ability to function in ambiguous environment, comfortable using prior experience to build assumptions. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results, while keeping and eye on touch cost and cycle time impacts. Evaluates requests for change against broader company objectives, and impacts to internal/external customers. SUPERVISION: Determines methods and procedures on new assignments, and may provide guidance to other personnel. Gathers requirements and develops processes/procedures with limited supervision. Description Owner of all engineering and process related issues Responsible for new product/process Implementations Ensure all products and processes comply with Apple specifications Understanding of relevant SAP processes Responsible for quality controls / audits (incoming Inspections, in-process checks and outgoing audits) Develops and analyzes process costs Capacity planning Implements process improvements Deals with external vendors/companies Provides support to internal customers Main point of contact for regional partners for engineering/process issues Ability to travel domestically/internationally (~10% of time) Education Requires manufacturing or related engineering degree. 