 Siri Software Engineer - HomeKit Job Number: 113133070 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence. Transform the way people interact with the lights, locks, thermostats and devices in their homes. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. Key Qualifications In-depth development experience with server-side Java and web services Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Intense passion for Home Automation, and see voice control as the natural interface Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Experience writing multi-threaded code Description The Siri team is looking for someone with a combination of strong technical skills, a desire to build exceptional customer features and a deep love of home automation. We’re looking for the right person who can collaborate with other engineers in several technical areas to help build Siri's knowledge of all things HomeKit/home automation related. You should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities, have a thirst for new technology and wouldn’t think twice about spending two hours tweaking the lighting levels to be “just right” for your ‘Movie Night’ scene. Specific responsibilities include: • Designing and implementing natural language interactions and work flow that provide intelligent user assistance for home automation related customer features • Integrating live service providers using web services • Working with our platform team to define infrastructure interfaces • Working with design and client-side teams to ensure a great user experience • Working with localization team to support the Siri experience in multiple languages Education BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent and 5+ years of industry experience Additional Requirements • Experience integrating data and services from multiple providers • Experience with AI technologies including NLP or machine learning 