 Software Engineer, iWork (Pittsburgh, PA) Job Number: 86360486 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States Posted: Sep. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you want to help reshape consumer productivity software? Are you interested in creating amazing user experiences for macOS and iOS? Do you enjoy writing code that is as elegant as the output that it produces? The iWork team is looking for a software engineer to help us build iWork, Apple’s cutting-edge productivity suite. Key Qualifications Strong programming skills in C, Objective-C, and/or C++ Experience working in a large code base Excellent communication and collaboration skills Ability to continuously learn on the job, not only from documentation from others Willingness to ask for help and learn from others Nice to Have: Excitement and passion for building amazing consumer products JavaScript development Mac OS X and/or iOS programming experience Confidence with geometry and mathematics User interface programming experience Interest in computer graphics Description As an engineer on the Graphics and Infrastructure team you’ll help architect and maintain the document viewing and editing infrastructure shared by Keynote, Pages and Numbers, and build innovative and easy-to-use interfaces that help our customers create amazing content. You will work closely with other engineers, human interface designers, quality assurance teams, and different groups across Apple as we continually advance the state of the art in consumer productivity. Your contributions will have a major impact on well-established but fast-moving software used and loved by millions of people to get things done at home, in their communities and their jobs. Working on iWork you’ll be part of a team of people with a variety of backgrounds and experience who love our products and our customers, enjoy learning new things every day, and still know when to put work down and get outside. Engineers on our team regularly have the opportunity to contribute to every facet of our products, from high-level UI to low-level data management to server code running on iCloud supporting shared document collaboration, as well as going beyond code to influence everything from user interface to project planning. iWork engineers have exposure to nearly every technology available on Apple’s platforms, get to ship code targeting many of our products, and get to learn from the many experienced people on our team. You’ll be trusted to work with your teammates to come up with the best solutions to technical problems and drive their adoption, and will make use of code review, automated testing, and other tools to help make sure your code meets our goals for code and customer quality. Education Bachelors Degree, or equivalent work experience. 