 Platform Architect- Power Job Number: 45142076 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Platform Architecture team is looking for a multifaceted and seasoned engineer who is well versed in the mobile consumer electronics market including phones, tablets and notebooks. This person must have a broad knowledge base spanning both the hardware and software systems of current technology trends and products in the industry. This person must be driven by the passion of being part of the team that builds the best consumer electronics products on the planet. Key Qualifications Minimum of 10 years of experience in silicon and/or post silicon design and tuning. Direct ASIC design knowledge and proven understanding of how ASIC architecture and implementation interplay with measured results required. Experience as an electrical engineer with software development skills is preferred. Able to work in an electronics laboratory environment and utilize soldering skills, meters and hand tools to deconstruct, instrument and then reconstruct test devices. Scripting in Python or other relevant scripting language Utilize Matlab (or similar data processing tool) to process test data, plot it and write/compile custom workloads. Automate or script tests on iOS, MacOS, Win8 and Android Description Participate in the design, implementation and testing of an automated system that gathers relevant system level metrics and processes them into easily readable charts and graphs. Participate in the identification and definition of the key metrics including appropriate workloads. Review all gathered data with the team and regularly author and present reports that show all key findings. Ingenuity in dealing with unforeseen issues during data collection. Participate in future product discussions utilizing the full catalog of knowledge gained during the gathering and analysis of data to help build the best products in the world. Build relationships and work with various cross-functional teams to achieve the desired goals. Education MS or PhD EE or CS 