 Technical Product Manager, BI Job Number: 113021422 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Global Business Intelligence group focuses on deploying critical business intelligence solutions for all business areas, and has an immediate opening for a Technical Product Manager, who will be responsible for managing a portfolio of solutions that enable Marketing business users to analyze and understand our customers. This includes direct interaction with key business customers and ownership of multiple strategic and high visibility initiatives aimed at improving Apple’s customer experience while addressing our constantly changing business needs and maintaining the integrity of our data. Key Qualifications Candidate should have good experience in the Business Intelligence area with proficiency in the features and use of reporting/analytics tools like Business Object, Tableau and Dashboards. Strong familiarity of the BI industry, and have understanding of Big Data with Teradata or Hadoop technologies. Knowledge in data mining analytics, decision / pattern analysis and text mining is a plus. Candidate must also have proven skills in managing large data volumes for analysis; must have experience in determining the precise meaning of data in a complex enterprise system landscape and data flow. This role also requires ability to lead all phases of SDLC, and at times may need to perform hands on analysis, design, development and deployment of solutions. From a project management perspective, candidate must have a successful track record in all aspects of the project development lifecycle. The ability to provide highly complex solutions on very aggressive schedules is essential. Experience in the support of senior business team members, strong written, verbal, and presentation skills are critical. Successful interaction with and management of multiple technical teams in an on/off shore model is important. The candidate can work independently on large, individual projects or major segments of complex company-wide projects with only consultative direction from management. Understanding campaign management process is a plus. Description This position is responsible for data architecture, data analytics and reporting projects to support Retail data mining business as well as their marketing analytics. It includes direct interaction with business owners as well as data scientists and ownership of multiple strategic and high visibility efforts. The candidate should be self-driven, highly motivated, innovative and have a proven track record of delivering large, complex and scalable DW/BI solutions. Some responsibilities of the role include: Defines project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with business, project teams, senior management and key stakeholders Overall ownership and control of application capability, features, architecture, data, SLAs, business applicability Collaborate with data stewards to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and data governance Lead data modeling and database design &amp; development using ELT/ETL techniques Provide scalable solutions for large data volumes (terabytes) and complex analysis or reporting needs Able to adopt to fast evolving business area/requirements and creative out of the box thinking Strong organizational and SDLC project management skills and ability to manage multiple projects within given deadlines in a fast paced and complex environment Strong leadership skill with a proactive participative style Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to effectively work with all levels of the organization Proven problem resolution, decision-making and analytical skills with keen attention to detail with limited supervision Education Requires BS degree in computer science or information management and 8+ years experience with 5-6 years of proven project management experience. 