 Sr. Forensic Auditor/Fraud Investigations Analyst - Tableau, SQL Job Number: 57684061 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare’s Global Compliance team is focused on ensuring the integrity of Apple’s global service business. Apple is now seeking a Sr. Forensic Auditor/Fraud Investigations Analyst in the US to plan, develop, and perform audits and investigations to ensure compliance with Apple’s policies and procedures. The role will also involve assessment and development of Apple’s policies and procedures; education of Service partners; communication of findings to Service partners and Apple Senior Management; and identification and recovery of improperly paid amounts. Key Qualifications At least 5 years experience in Forensic Accounting, or Fraud/Investigations Self-motivated individual with strong skills in problem solving, data analysis, and reporting Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are needed, including report writing and keynote presentations Must be able to document findings and recommendations in detail for technical staff, and in summary format for presentation to management Multitasking and time-management skills are essential Solid experience in database analytics, complex data analysis, and data mining using Tableau, SQL Must be available for international travel Description Plan and conduct AppleCare Compliance audits Develop and implement prioritized audit plans based on risk. Develop standard and ad-hoc reports for Compliance analysis and provide recommendations to management based on data analysis performed. Identify and assess fraud and service related risks. Consult with business management on risks and controls Independently evaluate the reliability and integrity of AppleCare's control environment, including security and other business controls for new and existing systems, policies and procedures. Consult with management on policies and procedures; manage relationship and related engagements with business management, Internal Audit, Legal, Global Security and third parties. Education Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance required CPA is required CFE, CIA, CrFA or CFF is preferred 