 Campus Representative - Dartmouth College Job Number: 113078094 Concord, NH, New Hampshire, United States Posted: Sep. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 14.00 Job Summary You have energy, commitment, and passion and are capable of helping Apple transform education and enhance the college experience. You take every experience as a learning opportunity and improve upon your technique for the next. You’re not only interested in representing the Apple brand but also in providing practical solutions to individuals or groups. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills and are excited to lead trainings and demos and to present in front of large groups of students and faculty. You’re an idea generator, someone who can solve problems on the fly and properly use your resources. You’re self-reliant and can effectively prioritize and manage your time through your calendar, allowing you to juggle a lot at once. You’re very active in various student organizations and eager to plan marketing events to enrich these student members’ lives. You’re well connected on campus and interested in connecting with new faculty and staff to foster key campus relationships. Does this sound like you? If so, you could be the next Apple Campus Rep. Key Qualifications Ability to commit to working on your campus between 10 to 14 hours per week for the full term beginning on May 1, 2017 or from date of hire through May 10, 2018. Ability to work flexible hours and days, including weekends, on campus throughout the school year and summer months based on business needs. You must be present on campus during the summer months. Actively enrolled in the school listed on the job description from May 1, 2017 through May 10, 2018 Ability to travel and stay overnight to attend the Campus Rep Program Training on June 9, 2017 through June 11, 2017 in Cupertino, California Proven history and skills in engaging with peers as a leader Commitment to following program guidelines to protect brand and program integrity Excellent communication skills—written and verbal—including formal presentation and training skills Interpersonal savvy when interacting with internal employees, external customers, and virtual team members Ability to be self-motivated and work independently with little supervision, consistently reporting back to the program about campus involvement Excellent time-management, organization, planning, and implementation skills Highly motivated to achieve, with the ability to solve problems and overcome obstacles High level of ethics, values, integrity, and trust Knowledge of Apple products Sales and marketing experience a plus Description We’re looking for highly motivated students who have a passion for working with others to innovate the way we learn and teach. Being a Campus Rep takes an understanding of technology and the ability to spread the Apple message. It takes someone who can lead, inspire others, move fast, and get things done. To be successful, you’ll work with the Campus Rep Program and Account Team to tailor program initiatives to campus-specific opportunities. The ideal candidate is comfortable planning and frequently presenting, is already connected with groups and organizations on campus, and is excited to expand this network even further. This is more than just a college job. It’s a chance to get your resume off to an incredible start by helping Apple transform education. 