 Sr. Software Engineer - iCloud Messaging Identity Job Number: 113021889 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are an exciting and fast-paced server engineering team doing work that immediately impacts hundreds of millions of users. We are responsible for the services backing many of Apple’s most popular and highly visible services such as FaceTime, iMessage Handoff and HomeKit. Our services need to be highly reliable and available. They need to support very high throughput with extremely low latencies. We are a small high performing team and highly visible team. We are looking for an extremely capable software engineer excited by solving hard problems to join our team. You will be responsible for designing, developing, maintaining and monitoring large scale distributed cloud messaging services. You will have the opportunity to explore and contribute to a wide range of technologies. You should be extremely motivated and driven, and should feel a personal stake in the services we are responsible for. You should be able to juggle multiple priorities and manage uncertainty. You should have excellent communication skills. You should build strong relationships with the people you work with. You should be prepared to deliver high quality results, and your success will be measured by the quality, size and timeliness of your deliverables. Key Qualifications •At least 5 years of experience developing server software in Java. •Experience with network protocols, storage systems, security algorithms, and Unix system internals. •Experience designing and developing large distributed systems backed with persistent data and maintaining them in production. •Experience in writing testable and maintainable codebases. •Independent, driven, motivated and passionate about the products we work on •Strong communication skills, written and verbal Description The ideal candidate is a solid generalist with great technical chops, one who understands client-server architectures and distributed systems. You will build the server stacks for iMessage, FaceTime, Handoff and related systems as well as help us grow this platform to support new services in the future. You'll design system architectures, specify custom network protocols, and implement high performance code. You'll also develop scalability strategies for applications that support hundreds of millions of users. Because we are a small team with high visibility, the opportunities for you to make an impact are boundless. If you are a person that can seize these opportunities and run with them, you will enjoy working here. Education Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent 