 Search, Recommendation &amp; Personalization Product Manager - Apple Media Job Number: 51229904 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 18, 2017 Job Summary Apple is seeking a product manager for Search, Recommendation and Personalization for our media products. This includes Apple Music, Podcasts, iBooks and our TV and Movie stores. You will lead the definition of new features, products, and services - working with design and engineering to define and drive the product roadmap. Key Qualifications Discerns new product areas to develop and assist in the development of the product line strategy. Manages the process used to define a product's features. Develops, communicates, and positions the product in relation to other products. Normally works on new product areas, many of which have great potential impact to Apple. Drives the definition of broad, complex, and high impact products for worldwide markets, assisting in the development of the product line strategy. Requires strong diplomacy skills to build consensus between competing business needs and objectives. Drives successful tradeoffs that affect cost, schedule, users, and how well the product works throughout the product life cycle. Provides product leadership from introduction through obsolescence, evaluates new technologies, articulates issues, and makes clear recommendations. Makes product positioning recommendations to management and counterparts. Drives and participates in user-experience research to improve ease-of-use and customer satisfaction. Articulates research findings to management in order to impact future product direction. Creates and delivers formal presentations and conducts group discussions on products for a broad range of Apple audiences. Helps develop and review public relations and marketing communications materials such as collateral, press releases, and data sheets. Independently identifies and analyzes the possible impact of competitive/3rd party products on Apple's products and makes recommendations as needed. Has expert knowledge of competitive and 3rd party products and competitor strategy. Plays a key role in new product announcement events. Good time management and prioritization skills are expected. Description To be successful in this role, you will need to have a strong understanding of information retrieval, recommender systems, personalization, machine learning techniques, and AB testing and evaluation. In addition, you will need to be well-versed in the process of software engineering and UI design, have a good user-interface design sensibility, plus a keen sense of diplomacy. It is also beneficial to have a passion for music, movies, TV, books, and other media. In this role, you will also contribute to product positioning, messaging, introduction, maintenance, and/or obsolescence of these features, media types, products, and services. Education BS/BA degree, MS/MA/MBA preferred - or equivalent. Additional Requirements Software engineering or finance experience; Thorough knowledge of Windows and Mac OS X; 5+ years of experience in software or service product marketing; Very strong oral and written communication skills; Strong interest in social networks, digital media, and retail digital services. 