 Product Localization Manager Job Number: 112978852 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services and customer experiences. Bring exceptional collaborative skills, finite attention to detail, strong self-motivation and a passion for driving change to make a difference in a highly dynamic environment. Reporting to the Americas Product Localization Manager, the successful candidate will manage a portfolio of product configurations localized for the Americas region. You will be responsible for ensuring that products are compliant to defined requirements and that they meet Apple's parameters for branding and packaging aesthetics. A leader who can quickly understand the complexity of issues and requirements, develop a business case and drive a plan to resolution. To be successful the candidate is expected to have an in-depth knowledge of our products, regional regulatory requirements and proficiency with the various tools and systems used to support the position objectives. Key Qualifications Exceptional collaborative and relationship building skills to operate in a matrix structure (influence without authority) Proven experience in program and/or project management with strong analytical problem solving skills Strong working knowledge of AGILE Product Life Cycle Management (PLM), manipulating Product Bills of Material Self-motivated, driven and comfortable with high ambiguity along with the persistence to drive through it Excellent communication skills, both written and oral to influence and lead globally Working knowledge of Latin American regulatory compliance for product safety and wireless technology Strong business process re-engineering skills with an acute attention to detail and continuous innovation Excellent forward thinking capabilities. Must be able to see beyond the current state Must be comfortable with working independently as well as leading global cross-function partnerships Experienced in risk assessment and developing holistic mitigation plans Comfortable with hands-on execution of tactical transactional requirements under extremely tight timelines Prefer advanced Excel and DataBase development experience Experience in Adobe Illustrator or In Design would be a plus Business proficiency in Spanish language would be a plus Description The Product Localization Manager is a flexible, articulate, self-managed problem solver who can multi-task under dynamic timelines to meet product launch objectives and deliver timely solutions for custom requirements across a broad range of capabilities and customized offerings. This individual will be responsible for managing a portfolio of localized product configuration Bills of Material for the Americas region and for driving cross-functional resources to meet deadlines to optimize regional sales throughput. They will create and document processes, troubleshoot issues and drive continuous process improvement activities across diverse geographical groups. They will interface with multiple groups including: Americas Engineering Compliance Managers, AMR Readiness, Corporate Compliance, WW Product Marketing, WW Product Configuration Mgmt., Hardware Legal, Region Legal, Engineering, Localization &amp; Release Engineering, Channel Partners, Business Process Re-Engineering, IS&amp;T, Supply Demand Planning, Sales Operations and Logistics to create and deliver solutions to evolving business opportunities. Education BA/BS Degree in a related field. MS degree preferred. 6-8 years in related experience. 