 Fraud Analyst, Apple Advertising Platforms Job Number: 113134621 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Ad Platforms has an opportunity to redefine advertising on mobile devices. Apple reaches hundreds of millions of iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad users around the world. With Paid Search in the App Store, developers have a unique way to market their app and engage users. We’re looking for a key contributor to join this exciting and fast-paced organization. We are seeking a team-oriented fraud analyst who thinks outside the box and is seriously interested in playing an active role in the future of advertising. Key Qualifications Background in digital fraud mitigation Extensive, demonstrable quantitative experience Experience delivering data-driven insights Python &amp; Tableau experience SQL querying (comfort with temporary tables and multi-step queries) Mastery of PowerPoint/Keynote and Excel/Numbers (with a preference for Apple OS preferred) Excellent verbal, visual, and written communication skills High attention to detail, organization, team-orientation, and an ability to work under tight deadlines Description Fraud analyst will be primarily tasked with owning fraud analytics for the Apple Ad platform. There is a technical component to the job in that the analyst must be comfortable with large data sets, but ability to communicate findings effectively is equally important. This role involves: large data sets, modeling, analysis, written presentations, A-B testing, understanding of publisher targeting and KPIs. Specifically, the role will be responsible for driving the following: - Perform complex data analyses to derive insight from our data - Own fraud mitigation and analysis for multiple countries and products - Deliver various insights, and recommendations using first and third-party data - Coordination between ops, business development, analytics, and other internal groups Education Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Social Sciences or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience. Additional Requirements Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (CS or quantitative emphasis preferred, some academic experience with statistics preferred) 