 System Software Design Engineer Job Number: 58263962 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple designs consumer electronics that have touched millions and changed the way people interact with electronic devices around the world. Our organization - Instrumentation R&amp;D - plays a key role in keeping up the quality standards at Apple and making sure that our customers are happy with the quality and experience of the hardware that they use. Our group is looking for an engineer that will directly responsible for definition, design/ development and implementation of instrumentation systems which carry out calibration &amp; performance validation of the various sensors and technologies. The System Software Design Engineer will be in charge of developing SW that integrates customized and sophisticated instrumentation solutions to verify the performance of Apple devices on some exciting new technologies. Key Qualifications ey Qualifications: • Bachelors or Masters in CE/ CS /EE, preferably with +3 years of experience. • Deep knowledge in development &amp; debugging software in C++/ Objective-C/ Python. • Experience in one or more source control systems like Perforce/SVN/Git. • Analytical skills to process volume data using tools like Excel/ Matlab/ JMP. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Willing to travel internationally for 7 to 10 day trips, approximately 6 times a year, not exceeding 20% overall. Description You will lead and own the architecture, design and deployment of calibration and testing methodologies around a new technology. Your role will involve working with design and SW teams to define and implement test coverage and calibration procedures using complex automated precision instrumentation. These instruments are used to calibrate and verify performance on Apple’s new products/ technologies. • You will design, develop, optimize and debug software in C++/Objective-C used in interaction between host in a MacOS environment, device in an iOS/ embedded FW and other custom designed embedded systems. • You will be working with our mechanical design team to specify and validate the required mechanical instrument design &amp; automation systems for measuring and calibrating devices/components • You are responsible for driving system bring-up and qualification at vendors and contract manufacturers during NPI builds (usually in Asia) • This position requires you to analyze volume data to drive the next level of performance in both the instrumentation and the product. • Your will create, troubleshoot, verify and document test coverage requirements. • Performing failure root cause analysis and driving resolution. Education BS or MS EE Additional Requirements Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 