 Senior Robust Speech R&amp;D Engineer Job Number: 44653128 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jan. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Speech team at Apple. The Siri Speech team is looking for an exceptionally skilled and creative Robust Speech Processing Engineer, who is eager to help improve the Siri experience. Key Qualifications Help make speech technologies ubiquitous. Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction on Apple’s groundbreaking product pipeline. Create revolutionary technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Speech team at Apple. The Siri team is looking for bright and talented engineers that are eager to utilize their software engineering, signal processing and machine learning skills in hands-on work improving speech processing and recognition capabilities and the overall Siri experience on a variety of Apple products. Hands-on experience on robust speech recognition and modeling, speech enhancement, noise and channel compensation with a strong background in DSP, stochastic and adaptive signal processing. Demonstrate ability to prototype speech and signal processing algorithms using C, C++ and Matlab. Ability to prototype using iOS will be a big plus. Fluency in a scripting language such as Perl or Python Experience in ASR research highly preferred with acoustic and language modeling is a big plus with familiarity in various toolkits such as SRILM, Kaldi, HTK. Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work well in cross functional teams. Description You will be a part of a team that's responsible for helping integrate Siri’s speech experience in a full range of current and next-generation Apple products and features. This position requires passion for making speech recognition ubiquitous using the full stack of Apple technologies starting from hardware specifications to large-scale deployment. You will innovate with a portfolio of skills from speech and audio processing, DSP, acoustic modeling, and language modeling. You will work with the speech, hardware and software engineering teams to deliver a great voice user experience. You must have a “make it happen” attitude and willingness to work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as work with state-of-the-art speech and audio processing algorithms. You will be working closely with engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a team player who thrives in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Education MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related field 