 Business Initiatives Project Manager Job Number: 113146475 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you a resourceful self-starter and natural diplomat, who manages programs and projects from concept to completion? Do you posses a high degree of organizational maturity, have a talent for working collaboratively in a matrix-responsibility environment, and has excellent time management and prioritization skills? Along with passion for Apple's products and culture, we are seeking a highly competent leader to manage collaborative projects to deliver value and tangible results. The Business Initiatives Project Manager will be an all-rounder who influences stakeholders and business partners at all levels to deliver world-class initiatives, with a proven ability to listen, form insight, drive strategic vision and execute across geographic and organizational boundaries. The Business Initiatives Project Manager works cross-functionally to lead special projects supporting Apple’s Worldwide Enterprise and Business strategy. Forming a key part of the Worldwide Enterprise Training team, these projects will have a significant impact on how Apple’s customers, partners, and teams adopt Apple’s products, embrace a dynamic Enterprise strategy, collaborate with partners, and expand the ecosystem to transform how people work. Key Qualifications Minimum 7 years program and project leadership experience. You have led a fast paced, demanding, complex, strategic program or project in sales enablement, product management or program design. You will have strong experience working with global players in an international setting. You have excellent project management skills with the ability to manage numerous projects on multiple platforms simultaneously. Holistic project and time management. Passionate about creating structure and processes that support the development of amazing work in a creative environment. Demonstrates energy, drive, passion, and an enthusiasm to do and be the very best. Approaches things with a sense of urgency. You have a comprehensive understanding of global project management process, systems and principles with a meticulous eye for detail. Can build financially sound, executable, data driven analysis in support of program/project execution You are able to influence leaders across Apple business groups and partner organizations, while engaging with executive level decision makers with credibility. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and written skills. Able to develop clear, concise documentation, including project briefs and reports. A solid knowledge of Keynote, and excellent proficiency in Apple and industry leading productivity tools. A passion for technology, innovation, and a willingness to constantly challenge the status quo. High level understanding of Apple’s hardware and software solutions. Ability to handle ambiguity with grace. Excellent analytical thinking, problem solving skills, good business and financial acumen Description Program and project management: Plan, develop, manage and implement projects to meet needs of multiple stakeholders. Manage project-related communications; raise key issues and present options for resolution to cross-functional teams. Review project KPIs for consistency and provide consolidated information to management and key partners. Project leadership: Evaluate existing tools and processes within the training development workflow to optimize for speed and efficiency. Consolidate information from multiple teams and project workloads in order to identify incremental resource requirements. Education BS or MS degree in Engineering; MBA preferred Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 