 Global Senior Brand Manager - Beats by Dre Job Number: 99540136 Culver City, California, United States Posted: Aug. 3, 2017 Job Summary The Senior Manager will lead, develop and execute effective marketing plans to meet category and brand objectives. As such, the manager leverages consumer and customer insights, marketing conditions, and competitor data to inform those plans. Additionally, in conjunction with the Category Director and support from junior members of the category marketing team, the manager is responsible for insuring that all plans executed have clear objectives and a measurable ROI. Key Qualifications 7+ years of Brand Marketing experience. World class marketing campaign experience, a must. Creative and production experience essential. Strategic planning and budgeting experience, a must. Able to lead the delivery of integrated marketing campaigns. Experience with leading integrated Go-To-Market programs. Proven track record communicating with internal and external stakeholders. Mastery of technical marketing skills. Highly adaptive with proactive problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to organize workload throughout the day to meet project timelines and deadlines. Description - Lead overall development of integrated category marketing plans in conjunction with the marketing teams and category business objectives, globally. - Oversee development of all category marketing and go-to-market plans and briefs. - Drive all functions and agency partners to develop never been-done-before, effective creative campaigns that deliver on objectives. - Oversee the development of campaign recaps, updates and brand reporting with accuracy and on time. - Manage key agency partners (Media, PR, Creative). - Oversee development and management of the annual marketing plan and budget. Deliver all marketing activities within the agreed budget. - Inspire and manage junior members of the category marketing team by stating goals and objectives; maintaining open communication; and motivating to accomplish tasks. - Prepare and submit regular category performance updates to category director, including: Product mix performance and trends; competitive product mix performance and trends; new product performance targets and tracking, and consumer insights - Build trust, value others, communicate effectively, foster innovation, solve problems creatively and demonstrate high integrity. - Maintain professional internal and external relationships that meet Beats’ core values. Education Bachelors degree required. MBA preferred. 