 WW Capacity Forecasting Analyst, Apple Retail Online Job Number: 57425511 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Be a key player in our e-commerce revolution. Get ready for your perfect job, one that requires you to think strategically yet stay connected to our customers. Be part of the world’s most globalized online retailer and help architect our future. The WW Capacity Forecasting Analyst is responsible for managing the capacity forecasting and optimization for the Apple Online Store. Their main focus is to develop an independent long-range view of the Apple Online Store demand across all product lines and regions, and lead strategic planning to effectively allocate variable resources as well as ensure systems are scaled to meet peak demand. This role is critical in ensuring contact center and systems readiness are supported in disclosed events which are not reflected in our baseline business plans. This role advises the Heads of Apple Online Store, Retail Finance, AOS Sales &amp; Service organizations and works closely with the SDM and Engineering teams. This Analyst is a natural leader and facilitator; is driven, organized and detail oriented; excels in program and project management; communicates with ease at all levels; thrives in an ambiguous environment; is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts; manages through relationships and influence: and displays grace under fire. Key Qualifications Develop an independent long-range view of worldwide demand for all Apple products, including NPI and key promotional programs, based on historical performance, market trends and confidential information. Partner closely with SDM and WW Retail Finance to understand the various forecasts, explain any significant deltas, and use key insights to refine own assumptions for the key purpose of capacity planning. Provide guidance to the WW Retail Contact Center teams as they leverage the forecasts to build the staffing plans. Facilitate healthy discussions to ensure that decisions reached are well informed by providing a range of scenarios that highlight risk, financial impact and the customer experience trade-off. In preparation for major events, deliver to the IS&amp;T teams detailed forecasts including from peak hour traffic &amp; order forecasts, forecasts by platform &amp; geo, and critical customer-impacting Online features. Understand capital project pipeline to proactively identify new/different risks to systems readiness, and provide projections and support as required. Participate in the Peak Readiness Forums and contribute guidance on capacity requirements and constraints. Evaluate results against plan to drive accountability and continual process improvement via postmortems. Support Online NPI Readiness team during events, supporting in Store validation cycles. Hands-on financial experience performing business plans, interpreting P&amp;Ls, scenario modeling, reporting and presenting complex analysis to leadership. E-commerce experience is a plus. Excellent grasp of demand forecasting, and able to see the bigger picture by pulling in the view of Total Apple and external market trends for all major product lines across worldwide. Excellent presentation skills and able to communicate at all organizational levels. Excellent technical skill set, with a strong grasp of systems and data manipulation. 6-10 years professional work experience with exposure to Finance + Operations + Sales. Description Discretion when dealing with confidential information. Self-motivated individual who challenges the status quo, flexible to change and able to modify approach and achieve results by exerting influencing within a global, matrix environment. Proactive team-player with a can-do attitude and a deep sense of ownership and accountability. Thrives in an ambiguous environment and can think clearly in a fast-moving situation. Strategic and creative thinker, exceptionally adept at both quantitative and qualitative analysis focussed on simplicity while dealing with complexity. Not afraid to get hands dirty to problem solve, and a willingness to "have an opinion" backed up by insight and the confidence to influence during meetings and a 1-1 basis. Process driven but able to act with a sense of urgency and creative thinking is a must. Detail-oriented whilst able to manage several work-streams. Someone who is both commercially savvy and operationally minded, and enthused about working in Retail. Must display great ability to prioritize deliverables, focusing on critical path items, with a persistent attention to detail. Education Mathematics or Business degree. MBA / CPA / Qualified Accountant preferred. 