 Sr. iOS Apps and Framework Automation Engineer Job Number: 86550480 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Wireless Automation team is looking for a senior software engineer or software architect who is excited about building iOS apps and frameworks. Our team’s software helps Apple automate and certify upcoming features and products within several key wireless technologies, including but not limited to: HomeKit, Apple Pay, Cellular, Bluetooth, and WiFi. They are used both internally and by third parties across the world. Key Qualifications • Proven experience managing projects, deliverables and timelines • Strong Experience with Objective-C and the iOS SDK including: UIKit, Multithreading, or CoreData • Strong Debugging Skills with proven experience in Xcode, Instruments and other performance analysis tools is a plus. • Proven software architecture experience is a plus. • Ability to work in a fast paced environment that requires quick adoption of new techniques and out-of-the box thinking • Ability to analyze large features and implement practical solutions • Excellent communication and organizational skills • Solid understanding of CS fundamentals data structures, algorithms, and concepts - Strong object-oriented programming and design skills • Familiarity with XPC/IPC • Familiarity with HomeKit or Apple Pay or with general wireless technologies such as Bluetooth or WiFi is a plus. • Experience in creating custom foundation classes and UI is a plus • Experience in developing iOS extensions, watchOS, tvOS and OS X apps is a solid plus Description The Wireless Automation team is always looking for innovative ways to architect new iOS apps and tools to automate rapid testing of new features anticipated in the next major Apple OS. We are seeking an experienced engineer that can help us architect, design, and develop apps and tools that are intuitive and user friendly yet provide flexibility to power users. Strong communication skills with a solid understanding of Software Design Patterns, Data Structures and Advanced Computer Science concepts are a must as you’ll be working with fellow engineers, third parties, and other cross function teams within Apple to add new and innovative features. Education Masters/Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 