 Pricing Analyst Job Number: 113061972 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Pricing Operations team is responsible for the implementation of pricing for all Apple branded and third party products, including certain software and services, for all Apple markets. The team is responsible for managing highly confidential data and working closely with cross-functional partners such as Operations, Product Marketing, Finance, and Master Data Management to support strategic product related events and initiatives involving pricing. We are looking for a self-starting, team player to join our Cupertino based organization. The Pricing Analyst role is highly operational, system driven, and adept in project management and problem solving. Key Qualifications Enjoy working with large volumes of data Exceptional attention to detail Ability to work effectively under deadlines and high profile deliverables with minimal supervision Track record of identifying opportunities for improvement, recommending solutions, and implementing them Self-starter and team player Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently Effective verbal and written communication skills, including presenting complex concepts in straight-forward ways Description The role of the Pricing Analyst is to manage, organize and validate large volumes of master data related to Apple branded and third party products in order for the data to be consumed by Apple’s various go-to-market channels. The analyst will be working with cross-functional business partners as well as internal team members to perform the job responsibilities that include managing country and channel offerings, localizing product assortments, and implementing various pricing related data elements. The analyst will be required to understand data flows and system interfaces in multiple systems in order to successfully manage his/her processes and provide support to downstream business partners. Additionally, the analyst will be a strategic member or leader of several systems, process improvement, and strategic business initiatives. Education BS or BA in Business is strongly preferred. Additional Requirements The ideal candidate has: Prior experience working in large enterprise systems, ideally SAP Prior experience managing or maintaining master data elements 4-6 years of prior business experience Excellent skills in Excel 