 Security Engineer, Engineering Solutions Job Number: 113187068 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Engineering Solutions team is tasked with building components and applications for both internal use as well as external customer use. This position will be responsible for implementing standardized security practices across the varied teams that are part of this IS&amp;T division. We are looking for an individual with a background in Security, especially penetration testing, and proven project management ability. The position will require skill in cross-functional engagement with the Apple Information Security teams, and excellent influencing and communication skills. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience in manually testing web applications or enterprise penetration testing Extensive hands on experiences with security tools like Nessus, Fortify, Webinspect, Qualys, Burp etc. Strong knowledge in current security threats, trends, and mitigation. Passion for discovering and researching new vulnerabilities and exploitation techniques. Passionate about securing Apple’s products &amp; customers Expert familiarity with multiple programming languages and secure coding practices. In-depth software engineering and development lifecycle knowledge Able to discuss risk assessments with audiences of various technical &amp; business backgrounds. Demonstrated ability to work in a matrix environment, and ability to influence at all levels. Comfortable with fast-paced, schedule driven development Experience integrating security practices into product focused engineering teams Ability to identify gaps in security focused tooling &amp; lead a peer group through project planning, scheduling, and execution. Strong verbal &amp; written communication skills Proficiency in either Mac OS X and/or other flavors of UNIX/Linux Experiences with database security audit is big plus Programming skills in Java, Objective C or similar languages a plus Ability to explain basic networking concepts (routing, ACL, load balancers, SSL/TLS, TCP) in order to participate in application architecture reviews. Self motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities. Description Conduct manual application security testing and source code auditing for a variety of technologies. Provide clear and detailed risk assessment and remediation guidelines for developers and business owners. Help leading a team for security testing at early stages in application development, in order to reduce the instances of failure to meet formal security review requirements. Extend the utilization of this team to all applications teams under Engineering Solutions, and track the effectiveness of their work against the results of the formal reviews. Conduct penetration testing targeting critical Apple data, services, and environments. Report underlying security issues and propose enhanced security protections. Participate in cross-functional work teams with Apple Information Security, Legal, HR, and Operations to understand new initiatives and changes in PCI/PII/SOX policies, which will need to be integrated into our workflows. Assist in the review of vulnerabilities found during regular scanning and penetration testing with application/infrastructure owners, and track compliance to the remediation plans. Report to management on ongoing status of the plans, and serve as advocate of recommended remediation to mitigate risk to other teams within the organization. Work on org vulnerability management to help teams understand security vulnerabilities, to perform risk analysis and prioritize to schedule patching activities, collaborate with other teams to establish security best practices Work on information security related projects, compliance auditing and any new security related initiatives. Work with the Compliance tracking team to improve reporting and notifications. Identify process gaps, and opportunities for automation to reduce the weak points in the notification and tracking processes. Other responsibilities include: • Security research on the latest best practices, trends, threats and vulnerabilities, and technology frameworks • Documenting and disseminating security guidelines for common security issues, remediation guidance, and security technology baselines • Developing tools and exploits to support application security review and/or penetration testing. Work cross-functionally with teams providing security consulting services and driving new security initiatives. Education BS degree or higher in Computer Science (or similar) degree Additional Requirements CISSP, GPEN, GWAPT, CEH certifications are preferred 