 Software Engineer, Siri Speech and Audio Systems Job Number: 44653289 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Speech team at Apple. The Siri team is looking for a bright and talented software engineer to influence in developing Siri’s next generation speech recognition system on Apple’s innovative devices and novel features. You should be eager to get involved in hands-on work improving speech recognition quality and the overall Siri experience. Key Qualifications Embedded software engineering experience on robust speech recognition, speech enhancement, noise and channel compensation with a strong background in DSP, stochastic and adaptive signal processing. Fluency in programming languages including but not limited to C/C++/Python. Strong understanding of embedded system and software optimizations. Demonstrate ability to prototype speech and signal processing algorithms on on a variety of embedded platforms including iOS. Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work well in cross functional teams. Description You will be a part of a team that's responsible for help develop and integrate Siri’s speech and audio experience in a full range Apple devices. This position requires passion for improving the speech recognition software system and frameworks. You will work with the speech, audio hardware and software engineering teams to deliver a great speech user experience. You must have a “make this happen” attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as work with state-of-the-art speech and audio processing algorithms. Because you'll be working closely with engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a team player who thrives in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Education MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field 