 Sales Incentive Compensation Analyst Job Number: 112960776 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This position provides support to Apple Sales and Finance, and is responsible for the monthly administration of quarterly, semi-annual and annual sales incentive compensation cycles. Along with a strong analytical mindset, this role will require a significant amount of partnering. This includes working cross functionally with various other departments to establish process, procedures and adequate controls around the collection of data and system feeds that occur in the Apple Incentive Compensation Management (AICM) system. This candidate will be a first-responder to inquiries from the field sales teams. This may include: questions related to specific calculations, navigation and training for web based and/or iOS reports, high-level field management overviews, etc. The person in this position will also be responsible for trouble shooting, providing weekly analysis to world-wide business partners and sales incentive reporting to management. Key Qualifications Exceptional interpersonal and relationship-building skills Extraordinary analytical, audit development and problem solving skills Communicate effectively and anticipate questions from partnerAbility to influence and provide future-state scalability direction Requires providing support and collaborating with Field Sales, Sales Management, Sales Operations, Human Resources, Compensation, Finance and IS&amp;T Participates in the development and implementation of plans in the incentive compensation system and advises on alternative methods of achieving business objectives Thrive as part of a team Description The Apple Sales Incentive Compensation (ASIC) team is part of Apple’s World-Wide Sales Finance organization. ASIC provides timely and accurate incentive compensation payments to Apple’s world-wide field sales force. We manage, audit and administer the required inputs to ensure accurate calculation and submission of commission payments. Additionally, we provide hands-on training and support to our end-user customers as well as detailed analytics and management reporting. Education The ideal candidate will possess a BA or BS degree in Business, Finance or Accounting plus 3 years of relevant experience. Additional Requirements The successful candidate will have excellent analytical abilities and advanced Excel skills are required. Must be detail oriented and have the ability to work across all levels and multiple organizations within Apple. A successful candidate will have effective communication skills, possess a high level of initiative, influence and motivation. Must be experienced in handling multiple projects simultaneously. Familiarity with databases and/or data flow preferred. Must have strong documentation and audit abilities along with strong written and verbal communication skills 