 Software QA Engineer Job Number: 112975164 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you love working in a dynamic environment with a team passionate about Mac computers? In Mac System Quality we are looking for an engineer to be responsible for planning, writing/developing, and executing system stability tests with an emphasis on hardware-centric software risks. You will write and run automation simultaneously on a large numbers of systems. You will regularly work cross-functionally with engineering and other QA teams to identify risk areas and testing responses, and to support engineering investigations. You should have a good instinct for discovering low-level defects in software and hardware. Do you like working on a team that makes a difference with the products they build? We are an equal opportunity team with many opportunities for growth and experience. You will get to explore the latest software technologies as we refactor, extend, and improve our current software stack. You'll work along side engineering to understand problems and delivery extraordinary solutions to our customers. Key Qualifications Senior or lead engineer duties on consumer electronics products Broad and deep knowledge of computer architecture with emphasis on CPU or GPU and associated silicon Strong communication, written skills, and interpersonal skills (required to establish and maintain inter-departmental relationships) Experience developing software automation of low-level and user-level UI in scripting languages such as PERL, Python, Ruby, TCL or JavaScript. Strong knowledge of Unix and Unix shell scripting. Description Act as a lead engineer to coordinate test activities across multiple projects in parallel Work across multiple engineering disciplines to identify, reproduce, and isolate bugs found via debugging and performance analysis tools. Report issues in accordance with Apple bug reporting methods and testing guidelines. Prepare summaries and present at cross functional executive reviews progress on test status Crafting and writing on-the-fly automated stress and stability hardware-centric software tests for embedded systems Running a rack of systems running a variety of tests and engineering experiments Provide training on a regular basis and mentor others as needed on particular skill set areas. Education BS EE/CS/CE or technical degree with relevant experience Additional Requirements Experience writing OS X or iOS applications. Potential chances to define internal test tools for Mac and iPhone. Experience with web and database technologies such as MySQL, PHP, jQuery, HTML5, CSS. Potential opportunities to build internal web applications for results reporting and dashboard displays. Experience with software development with C, Objective-C, C++, or Java 