 Siri Software Engineer in Test - Natural Language Job Number: 113191195 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a key part in ensuring the quality of groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, natural language, big data, and artificial intelligence. You will be interacting cross-functionally with various engineering and project management teams to build new test automation, software tools and testing frameworks to drive the quality of the Siri user experience. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Server QA team at Apple. Key Qualifications Must have 5+ years professional work experience Degree or working experience in software engineering Have good organizational skills and experience working on large cross functional teams Self-motivated and pro-active with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Flexibility to respond and react to a rapidly evolving software environment Experience developing code in Java, C++, Python Experience working with large scale server software Familiarity with Natural Language Processing technologies Experience testing Machine Learning systems Experience in software testing methodologies and test planning strategies Description The goal of Siri Software Engineer in Test is to define test strategies, identify and bridge test and process gaps, as well as implement automation tools and testing frameworks to improve the quality of Siri language understanding. The Engineer will develop analysis and reporting tools to provide NL quality metrics. This position requires hands-on experience or familiarity with testing NLP and Machine Learning systems. Be able to understand, evaluate and make recommendations about how to structure test sets to satisfy requirements. Other areas of testing require a strong grasp of cross validation, overfitting, and development and blind test set strategy. Strong communication skills and the ability to work as a member of a collaborative team are also necessary. Education MS/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 