 Manager of Advanced Cell Technology Development Job Number: 83938985 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Leadership position responsible for the oversight of a talented and experienced engineering team that is focused on the development and qualification of advanced, solid state, energy storage technology including chemistry and cell designs. The ideal individual will be well versed in Lithium and Li-ion rechargeable battery technology from a design, material and / or production process perspective. Solid experience in leading internal, cross-functional teams and external vendors agencies and labs to develop next generation cell design solutions. Key Qualifications •MS, Ph.D. in Chemistry, Material Science or Chemical Engineering •10+ years of experience in related technology development with a demonstrated record of innovation •5+ years of engineering management experience Experience in managing development programs with internal engineering groups and external technology development partners and vendors Excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with the ability to clearly and accurately explain technical issues Motivated, self-starter with excellent time management skills and strong process and data driven approach to areas of focus Ability to mentor and grow capability and productivity of engineering staff Proficiency in quality tools knowledge as applied to new product development and manufacturing systems including SPC, design of experiments and statistical analysis Description •Assume lead role in defining and coordinating engineering staff activities related to the development of solid state battery technology including: materials, designs and processes. •Identify / establish the resources required to effectively execute programs, work with recruiters to fill positions and mentor / develop skill sets of supporting staff. •Develop schedules, set priorities and review progress against program and performance goals. •Prepare budget proposals, status updates and presentations related to current / future development activities, report and make recommendations. •Work with external vendors, agencies and labs to establish support technology programs. Contribute to defining the scope of development activity and the review of performance / progress against program goals / schedule through data driven decision making processes. •Identify enabling and applicable technologies that can facilitate program success and where applicable, work with staff to establish related intellectual property. •Coordinate technology transfer of next generation designs, materials and processes into the cell design development / qualification process, ensure that all supporting documentation is updated and controlled to reflect design changes and practices Education Ph.D. Chemistry, Material Science, Chemical Engineering. Additional Requirements Travel to external vendors, suppliers, and technology partners expected 