 Siri Engineering Program Manager – Speech Team Features Job Number: 113188888 San Francisco, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a member of the Siri EPM team, you will be responsible for improving and enhancing Siri Platform that enables internal and external developers build powerful Siri features for hundreds of millions of users around the world. We’re looking for people with a proven track record of shipping complex and highly technical products under demanding timelines. You take responsibility and feel a personal stake in the product you ship. You know how to navigate ambiguity, thrive in a fast-paced environment and manage shifting priorities. You communicate clearly and enjoy working with complex technologies. You foster strong relationships and build trust. You aren’t afraid to do what is necessary to get a project done. You work for the success of the entire team. Key Qualifications * 5+ years program management, product management, or business analyst experience * Experience and passion in Speech Recognition, Text-to-Speech, Audio Signal Processing, search relevance, or natural language processing * Self-motivated and proactive, with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities * Outstanding communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all levels of an organization * Innate drive to improve how things work, with proven track record of driving dramatic improvements for team quality, performance, agility, or effectiveness Description * Execute, execute, execute: Drive and ship large, cross-functional projects and features from inception to delivery * Own feature planning and prioritization: Oversee all aspects for multiple projects including specifications, scope, requirements, timelines, and resource allocation * Champion a smooth customer experience: Review Siri metrics, analyze user engagement data, and use this data to plan new features for Siri * Lead cross-functional teams: Build relationships across the organization and facilitate communication between cross-divisional groups * Manage project communication: Deliver project status and coordinate product demos to executives Education * BS/MS EE/CS/CE or equivalent Additional Requirements * Strong technical proficiency, with passion for any of the following technologies: text-to-speech, big data &amp; analytics, search, natural language processing or speech recognition * Experience in feature development to large scale, server based platforms * Familiarity with agile development methodologies * Bonus if you have prior programming experience (iOS/OSX, Ruby, Scala, Python, PHP, Go, etc.) 