 Display Mechanical Engineer Job Number: 83681767 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications The candidate will need to have three years of hands-on experience and proven track record in the mechanical design and development of LCD or other electro-mechanical modules in consumer electronic products. •Demonstrated ability to perform mechanical design &amp; validation is a must. •Experiences of CAD modeling, engineering drawing release, GD&amp;T. Knowledge of FEA and other CAE tools preferred. •Knowledge and experiences of 6-sigma, process capability, can use statistics tools to analyze large amount of data. •Experiences in developing and manufacturing high volume display products preferred. •Excellent written and verbal communication skills and people skills are required. Description Apple is looking for a Display Mechanical Engineer to lead the development activities to design and develop innovative Display modules used in iPad and MacBook products. This individual will serve as a focal point in designing, developing, characterization and optimization of the LCD module mechanical design &amp; performances for the portable displays. •Investigate up-to-date mechanical package designs and technologies and generate new approaches to further enhance Apple portable display performances and enable strong and compact system designs. •Define and review the overall module mechanical architecture &amp; performance requirements. •Achieve system performance goals through mechanical design optimization, utilizing 3D CAD (UG preferred), prototyping, and new material and manufacturing processes. •Define &amp; implement rigorous validation plan for ME characteristics of the display panels. •Work with system engineering team to understand the mechanical interface designs, including alignment features, tolerances analysis, and advanced material for the components. •Work with project teams and supply base throughout product development phase and support the initial product ramp. Education BSME/ MSME is required 