 AppleCare Channel Readiness Program Manager Job Number: 99608018 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Channel Readiness provides product and program readiness support to Apple Service Channels including Apple Retail and Apple Authorized Service Providers. The Program Manager will work with cross-functional stakeholders including AppleCare Readiness Engineering, Diagnostics Engineering, Retail Service Operations, and Field Service management teams to develop and deploy world class service solutions. As Channel Readiness Program Manager, your work will define customer experience and lead the technician workflow for how Apple supports and services new products. Key Qualifications Passionate about the intersection of technology and customer experience. Strong ability to organize and manage cross-functional projects with high attention to detail. Enjoys working both independently and with a team in a fast paced environment. Confidently manages through ambiguity and uncertainty. Takes initiative, thrives in autonomous work environment. Results orientation including a willingness to take on any task required to meet the goal. Exposure or experience with managing channels, stores, or external partners. Comfortable communicating to various levels of the organization, from IT to senior leadership. Must be able to confidently communicate with technical and customer-facing audiences. Strong problem-solving abilities and analytical skills; data driven decision maker. Experience or exposure to any of following is preferred: Program management, Retail management, Business process design, Technical project management, Account management. Description The ideal candidate will: Manage projects as Channel Readiness lead for new product introductions, repair extension programs, field response/quality initiatives, and new repair strategies. Independently develop and manage all aspects of projects including scope, timelines, and deliverables; communication and organizational alignment; risk management; success definition and measurement; and issue resolution. Investigate emerging service issues and lead development of action plans to identify and correct root causes. Partner closely with AppleCare Engineering, Channel Management, Channel Communications, and Apple Retail teams to define project scope and deliverables. Be comfortable with supporting multiple projects simultaneously while flexing their approach between working independently and as part of large cross-functional team depending on the needs of the project. Occasional travel may be required. Education Bachelor’s degree with 3-5+ years experience or MA/MS/MBA with 1-3+ years post-degree experience 