 Sr. CAD/Infrastructure Engineer – Web development and DB Application Job Number: 113056853 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible and cross-functional role as a senior member of our hardware CAD team, you will be responsible for developing best in class methodologies and flows for Apple silicon for mobile products. Your role will be varied and challenging. Part of your job will be to develop and support a large-scale, multi-site control database. This system will drive controlling settings to thousands of processes per second in a secure, dynamic and highly available manner. In developing this system you will need to understand and drive in many areas including front-end web design, secure authenticated access methods, CI/CD processes, integrated documentation and built-in testing/regression techniques to name a few. Key Qualifications Typically requires 5-10+ years of applicable real experience. Experience developing front-end (client side, i.e. Angular2, React, Bootstrap framework), back-end (server side Node.js, i.e. Express.js, Hapi.js, etc), and SQL database applications. Expert-level knowledge in high performance scalable replicated web server architecture. Strong familiarity with modern technologies such as Git, Rio, Docker, Redis, apiDoc, Jenkins, d3.js, zipkin, Istanbul, etc. Efficient programming capabilities in the following: JavaScript, SQL, Perl, Python, Java, C, Shell and bash/tcsh are a plus in that order. Proficiency with Unix-based environments, including scripting and automation. Excellent communications skills, customer interfacing is a big plus. Description Architect, develop, maintain and enhance large scale, high availability (HA) database application. Interface with multiple design and CAD teams. Various other automation projects within the Linux environment including regression systems, release systems, analysis tools, collaboration platforms etc. Education MS or BS Degree in technical discipline. 