 HR Business Process Re-Engineering Project Mgr Job Number: 112943153 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join a dynamic team of HR professionals focused on providing innovative business solutions. Global HR Solutions is looking for an experienced Business Process Re-engineering Project Manager to partner with our HR teams to drive process optimization for HR. The ideal candidate will have deep process re-engineering experience and be self-directed, motivated, and comfortable working in an extremely fast-paced environment. Experience optimizing global HR processes preferred. Flexibility and adaptability are key attributes needed for success. This individual should also have strong analytical, project management and leadership skills to handle a variety of activities and complexities spanning the organization. Candidates must be willing to work at both a very detailed and strategic level. Key Qualifications 7+ years of project management experience 5+ years of process design experience; HR process design preferred Demonstrated experience conducting process design workshops with worldwide business partners Ability to use data and analysis to drive decision-making Proven experience creating effective business requirements Proven success in creating efficient business processes and willing to challenge the status quo Demonstrated ability to complete multiple tasks under pressure Drives change laterally across regions and organizations using influence skills Maintains a positive attitude Exceptional communication and facilitation skills Thrives in ambiguous work environment Description Oversee all aspects of the process improvement initiatives including detailed process maps, qualitative and quantitive metrics that demonstrate process effectiveness, business requirements documentation, and project communication. Identify subject matter experts to support multi-functional efforts in process improvement, data capture and analysis, and compliance with policies &amp; procedures. Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis of key performance indicators in an effort to identify opportunities for improvement in the existing business model, processes, and structure. Collaborate with business partners and regional counterparts to efficiently write requirements and implement projects. Ability to influence decisions and facilitate change management through collaboration and leadership. Liaison between the business and technology groups to ensure business project needs are adequately met with technology solutions. Maintain a level of constant and effective communication with managers, leaders, and subject matter experts in a variety of business, functional and technology areas. Ability to gain alignment between the technology and business strategy by proactive partnering with all levels. Education Bachelors Degree is a must. MBA / PMP / Consulting experience preferred. 