 Technical Product Manager - iTunes Job Number: 113018136 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 26, 2017 Job Summary The GBI iTunes team is responsible for building smart, intuitive applications for our business that encompass engineering ingenuity in easy to software product. We are looking for a Technical Product Manager to join our team. The role of the Technical Product Manager is to plan, execute, and finalize projects according to project plan key milestones. The Product Manager will also define the product’s objectives and oversee quality control throughout its life cycle. The candidate should have product management experience and ability to drive technical design discussions with development team. Prior experience in building solutions in a fast paced environment that involves complex data and business models is a plus. Key Qualifications Strong organizational and project management skills with the ability to manage multiple projects within given deadlines in a fast paced and complex environment Prior experience working on financial reporting and analytics is a distinct advantage Improving and streamlining processes regarding data flow and data quality to improve data accuracy, viability, and value Experience in driving business and technical requirements analysis, business process modeling/mapping, methodology development, and data modeling Proven problem resolution, decision-making and analytical skills with keen attention to detail and limited supervision An ability to work well and productively, always projecting a positive outlook in a fast-paced, sometimes stressful environment Worked with data warehouse and big data technologies like Teradata, Hadoop, Vertica, Cassandra or similar Used and deployed analytical reports using tools like Business Objects, Tableau, etc., as well as built custom dashboard solutions Understanding of data processing technologies like Storm, Kafka or similar Solid knowledge of web applications development methodologies with hands-on programming expertise in delivering projects using HTML5 UI, Java, JSP, JSON, XML, Web Services (REST &amp; SOAP), etc. Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication skills Description Responsible for managing strategic relationship with iTunes business team. Drive the engagement by conceptualizing new features, define scope, engage business in sign-offs, work with engineering and platform managers to develop innovative solutions. The Applications developed by the Product manager will be accessible to iTunes Vendor partners globally; hence, creativity and desire to build work class solutions in a matrix organization is a must have requirement. Education BS degree in computer science or equivalent field with 10+ years experience. Additional Requirements *Desired but not required* Shows commitment to high ethical standards and demonstrates this through action Solutions-oriented, strategic thinker Inquisitive, analytical, and a proactive problem solver High-energy, positive, entrepreneurial in spirit while goal-oriented and results-driven Self-starter, takes initiative and can work independently as well as collaborate with team members and key stakeholders across the organization Well-organized and disciplined with high attention to detail Passion with sense of ownership and drive to deliver the best Direct, plain-spoken; conveys a genuine/authentic demeanor Applies creative out of the box thinking 