 AppleCare Partner Relations Advisor - Korean language Job Number: 113040265 Los Angeles, California, United States Posted: Sep. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary You’re a problem solver and easily connect with customers! You exceed their expectations with your guidance, knowledge, and real passion for technology. You’re enamored by the way things operate, and have the ability to figure out how technology works when things go wrong. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to effectively prioritize and manage your time. You can multitask across systems and applications, analyze, isolate and resolve a variety of complex technical issues, and comfortably navigate a technical environment. Since the launch of the App Store, our Advisors have helped developers revolutionize the industries of business, healthcare, education, entertainment, and so much more. Through your support, you can help developers continue to transform lives and change the world. If this sounds like you, you could be the next AppleCare Partner Relations Advisor on our Korean language team. We’re committed to helping employees explore their potential. This is an at home position, you do not need to live in the city this position is posted in to be considered. Key Qualifications Verbal and written fluency in Korean and English. Minimum 2 years supporting customers via phone, e-mail, chat, and/or in person Passion for customer service and ownership of the customer experience Able to effectively tailor communication and style to differing audiences Able to self manage and work independently in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment Thrives on a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Effective time management including ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Able to research and analyze information across multiple tools while talking with customers Description We expect everything from an Advisor that our customers do and we want Apple to be a reflection of the world around us. You’ll be the first point of contact for providing developer program support to some of the world’s most exciting companies. When developers have questions or issues related to our programs and products, you’ll be the friendly voice of Apple, responding to their requests and providing world class customer service. We’ll rely on you to listen to our developers and use your sound judgement, creativity, and passion to meet their needs and identify when to reach out to other Apple support and escalation teams. You’ll use your business knowledge and analytical skills to make certain that the content of Advisor tools and developer services web pages are up to date and to diagnose and report the source of repeat issues. In short, you’ll be the face of developers’ experience with Apple and remind them that behind our great products are amazing people. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us create the ideas that move all of us forward. We’ll train you to be the best. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. Additional Requirements Available to attend approximately 4-5 weeks of required training on a fixed schedule that may include weekends Requires ability and willingness to work non-standard business hours (between the hours of 2:00 PM and 2:00 AM PST), and weekends as needed. Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training Able to meet minimum typing speed of 40 WPM while talking with customers At Home Qualifications A quiet workspace, ergonomic chair, and desk High-speed Internet service (5 megabits download and 1 megabit upload) from a reliable provider To learn more about opportunities at Apple, visit http://www.apple.com/jobs/us 