 Service Center Driver Job Number: 113156987 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Supports Shipping, Receiving &amp; Mail Services activities in Santa Clara Valley. Follows strict procedures for handling product and packages. Processes incoming and outgoing deliveries, drives a route, delivers and picks up time-sensitive, business-priority packages, interacts with customers and colleagues to provide high-touch customer service. Key Qualifications 3+ years of experience working in a mail facility, as a courier or similar experience Excellent customer service skills Effective organizational, communication, interpersonal and time management skills Strong computer skills, including proficiency with the following: Scheduling or calendar software, Logistics tracking software, experience with BearTracks is a plus Database software, experience with FileMaker Pro is a plus Numbers or Excel, and Pages or Word Material handling skills, including ability to use motorized and manual equipment such as forklifts, pallet jacks, and hand trucks. Must have a valid driver license, and be at least 25 years of age to comply with fleet insurance requirements. Ability to perform the following types of physical activities: Lift up to 50 pounds, Push/pull to move equipment, Bend/stoop/squat/kneel, and Reach above shoulders Must be comfortable working in a warehouse or loading dock environment, with exposure to varied weather conditions Description •Acts as courier to transport priority packages to and from Santa Clara Valley campus residents while driving an Apple fleet van. Makes deliveries to customers and secure lockers, picks up deliveries from SRM warehouse and campus residents, sorts material for delivery, loads and unloads truck. •Enters tracking information into BearTracks. •Maintains a clean and safe work area. •Proactively communicates with customers and colleagues. Quickly responds to emails, texts and phone calls in order to provide a high standard of service. •Works well under pressure and maintains self-composure and integrity. Exercises good judgement. •Acts as a great team player. Remains open to performing in all Shipping, Receiving &amp; Mail Services roles and learns new skills. •Remains flexible and prepared for changes to the schedule, including working early mornings, evenings or weekends. Education High school diploma or equivalent 