 Engineering Program Manager - Internet Services Organization Job Number: 58221327 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The internet services group is seeking a creative Engineering Project Manager for their SRE / DevOps group. The SRE team is responsible for keeping the lights on and infrastructure humming for all major Apple services including: Maps, iCloud, iTunes, FaceTime, and other back end services. We are the team that helps enables “Apple magic” for our customers by providing seamless experience. We deal with technical challenges of scaling infrastructure to help maintain and grow our services with every product launch. Key Qualifications Experience managing end-to-end lifecycle of technical projects. Possess exceptional organizational, PM, and technical skills. Prior engineering, infrastructure, project management experience for Site Reliability Engineering / DevOps. Proficiency or experience in large scale infrastructure. Excellent communication skills. Manage cross-functional infrastructure projects which comprises of working various infrastructure groups: engineering, partner project managers, data center teams, hardware, network, and capacity planning. Be accountable for technical projects from start to end. Technical depth in networking, operations, coding, scalability to be able to hold and drive technical discussions. Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. Be able to articulate and communicate project status, complexities, risks to senior management and executive team. Understand application architecture to be able to drive features, and technical road map of SRE / DevOps team. Engage with engineering team to assure the technical solutions are scalable, and executable in the timeline set for the project. Build roadmap and project portfolio for a specific group. Use the roadmap and portfolio to build detail plans for execution. Participate in product launches by supporting buildout of infrastructure and operationalization work. Become an advocate and voice for the team to help represent, prioritize, and evangelize the product and service across the organizations. Description The Internet Services group needs driven and creative project managers. Our group supports cross-functional projects throughout the Apple organization. This includes: Maps, iCloud, iTunes, FaceTime, and other Internet based back-end server applications serving Apple’s customer base. Project managers in this group will help drive to completion a vast range of technical projects, and deployments from system upgrades through the creation and implementation of complete environments. This position requires a team player and a self-starter with experience leading cross-functional tactical and detailed oriented projects to achieve business and technical goals. Must have a successful track record in project management. A successful candidate can marshal resources from a matrix functional group to get things done, and uses resources effectively and efficiently. The project manager will clearly assign responsibility for tasks and decisions, and monitor process, progress, and results. Must be able to quickly grasp the essence of multiple new technical concepts and lead the team through assessment and documentation of goals, risks, dependencies, and timelines focusing on these concepts. Project managers in our team focus on complex technical issues and are expected to analyze data to provide an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Education Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, or a related field. PMP certification preferred. 