 HR Business Partner - Sales Job Number: 113085313 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is a unique opportunity to partner with and support the Sales leadership team at Apple. In this role, you will deliver a full spectrum of both strategic and tactical HR support and programs on a global basis to employees and managers. From educating clients on compensation practices and the performance review process to consulting on organizational design and various management issues. You will assist with employee communication initiatives within client groups and partner with specialist groups to ensure coordination of HR strategies and processes across the organization. Providing relevant data and recommendations to guide decision-making related to compensation, organizational structures, retention, promotions and other actives, are key aspects of this role. Key Qualifications Strong interpersonal communications skills, including influencing and ability to encourage innovation. Highly collaborative style. Willingness and demonstrated ability to work in teams, as both a lead and a supporting team member. Strong proven leadership skills and experience. Ability to coach, mentor and advise where appropriate to help employees grow and develop in alignment with business and personal goals. Ability to execute foundational Project Management skills where needed and appropriate Prior experience as a client facing HR Business Partner supporting a high volume sales organization. Description Business Knowledge: Ensure depth of understanding of organizations supported, including key business functions and processes. Organizational Development: Understands the needs of the organization in terms of achieving maximum organizational performance and efficiencies. Consults and influences senior management on key organizational and management concerns. Employee Relations: Consults managers and employees on all aspects of employee-related issues, including manager/employee issues, policies &amp; procedures, misconduct, investigations, terminations, review of appealed terminations, reorganizations, EEOC claims, etc. Talent &amp; Performance Management: Provide advice and counsel to managers and employees on all performance related issues, including key talent, succession planning, bonus management, attendance/performance issues, performance improvement, and terminations. Compensation &amp; Benefits: Execute Corporate compensation and benefits programs (compensation planning, salary surveys and analysis, open enrollment, etc.). Partner with management and Benefits to assist with the management of leaves, disabilities, and Worker’s Compensation. Special Projects: Develop and work on special and cross-functional projects as needed. Examples include Division HR project, site specific (Austin, Sacramento, Cupertino) projects and global projects. Staffing: Act as liaison between site Staffing function and line organizations. Participate in interview process for management and key hires. Training: Understand the training/development needs of organization and act as liaison with Corporate Training to deliver or secure appropriate training to the organization. Author and deliver curriculum for site- and division-specific brown bags and training. HR Metrics: Track and report staffing, retention, attrition, and other necessary data to line management; recommend programs and/or enhancements as necessary. Education Requires BA/BS degree with 10+ years experience as a client facing HR Business Partner. MA/MS/MBA preferred. 