 Senior Data Scientist - iPhone Operations Job Number: 112958236 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. It takes extremely dedicated, intelligent and hard-working individuals to maintain and exceed the high expectations for the exciting iPhone brand at Apple. The iPhone Operations team is seeking a Data Scientist to take on the responsibility of improving superior quality and manufacturing goals through statistics, analytics, modeling, and business intelligence tools. Key Qualifications The position requires a software programming skill set, utilization of statistical techniques, experience managing data integrity, and implementing automated solutions. The Data Scientist will need to have an understanding of relational database management systems, design, and structured query language. Excellent analytical skills, high level of statistics with the ability to identify and predict trends and anomalies. Experience in data mining extremely large data sets, high proficiency in SQL (Teradata, Oracle, or MySQL), relational database management systems and design. Strong programming, with excellent object-oriented and dynamic scripting language skills. Python, Java/C#/Objective-C, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Unix shell scripting are strongly desired. Experience with statistical tools like JMP, Minitab, and Stata Strong ability to manage multiple tasks concurrently and in a timely manner, including large, complex projects. Effective presentation skills and be able to explain complex data and charts in a clear manner to large audiences. Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written. Prior experience in Manufacturing, Test, and Consumer electronics is a plus. Description The Data Scientist utilizes data, infrastructure and intelligence tools to improve product quality and manufacturing efficiencies by understanding the variables impacting yield. The Data Scientist drives strategic initiatives for better data collection and reporting, ensures data integrity across multiple data sources, and reduces analysis time through automation. The Data Scientist must have the expertise required to understand product testing, parametric big data, manufacturing, and capital equipment. The Data Scientist determines the appropriate technologies and programming languages required to ensure successful business impact. This position will work closely with Operations, Test Engineering, Quality, Engineering, Product Development, Customer Service, Supplier Quality, Global Supply Managers, Suppliers, Contract Manufacturers, Business Intelligence and IT teams. This individual must be able to take data from different sources, apply statistical modeling, analyze, interpret its specific meaning, and clearly convey the significance of the assessment, tailored to individual teams, as well as the business as a whole. Employ statistical techniques with big data initiatives and tools to improve product yield and drive major business decisions. Answer complex questions through data, analysis, and clearly communicate findings to cross functional teams for direction. Influence manufacturing and testing improvements by scripting analysis on very high volumes of data at a commodity and parametric level. Identify opportunities to improve data collection, reporting and consumption based on business needs. Regularly interface with internal and external information technology teams on resolving data issues, as well as mitigation plans to avoid errors in the future. Participate in strategic capital systems planning Education Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Business Analytics, Machine Learning, Engineering, or equivalent experience. 