 Software Engineer, Education Services - Apple Media Products Job Number: 113058191 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s iTunes U team is looking for a passionate software engineer to help architect and build the next generation of our educational experience. Help connect students and teachers using technology to facilitate learning, from K-12, through higher education, to life-long learning. We’re looking for an individual who loves solving problems to surprise and delight our customers. For more information about iTunes U in the classroom, visit http://www.apple.com/education/ipad/itunes-u/. Key Qualifications Track record of shipping exceptional server-side web applications. Experience deploying RESTful APIs via large-scale, Java-based services. Experience with relational and NoSQL databases. Ability to express ideas clearly within the team and across other groups. Recent development experience with Java-based application servers is required. Experience with or interest in educational ventures and technologies is preferred. Familiarity with data privacy and data protection regulations and standards is ideal. Description Customer privacy is very important at Apple and we take tremendous care in how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store the information of our customers. In addition to using expert technical knowledge to drive features and improvements, you must be comfortable with rapidly evolving requirements, and have excellent interpersonal skills. Success frequently depends on working with cross-functional teams, internal and external to Apple. Experience with educational technologies is preferred. Responsibilities: Extending iTunes U’s existing web service API. Working with customers, third-party developers and cross-functional staff to define requirements and deliver features. Maintaining an intense focus on secure and polished software. Addressing tangible, customer-facing issues on a tight schedule. Education BS / BA degree in Computer Science or equivalent. 