 Wireless SoC Design Engineer Job Number: 58209631 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join Apple’s growing wireless silicon development. Apple’s world class design and integration processes are driven by top notch integration engineers who own various blocks of the chip and coordinate with various teams to get all changes released to the database and production synthesized on the project scheduled delivery dates. This is a high visibility and mission critical role and requires close working relationships with many groups and an organized approach to coordinate all tasks in parallel to hit schedules consistently with a quality design. Key Qualifications This position requires thorough knowledge of the ASIC design flow, FE and Design verification, synthesis, scripting and netlist generation. The ideal candidate will have the following background: At least 10+ years experience in ASIC design flow Proven track record of high performance designs in high volume production for low power applications Proven track record of RTL design and timing closure on large complex designs Expertise in: - SOC IP integration and RTL Design for performance, low area, and low power - FE production synthesis with DFT insertion - ASIC design flow and netlist flow checks – Lint, CDC, Logical Equivalence - UPF flow for defining power intent of chips with multiple power domains - Design interfacing to PD for floorplanning and timing closure - Strong communication skills are a must as the candidate will interface with a lot of different groups within and outside the company - Self starter, highly motivated, highly organized, and schedule driven is a must - Familiarity with DFT and backend related methodology and tools is a plus Description You will be responsible for the following: - Oversees definition, design, verification and development of SoC architecture. - Performs all aspect of SoC design flow from high-level design, RTL implementation, synthesis and physical design. Define chip level architecture, Perform logic design and system simulation. - Top level integration of connectivity, system bus, peripherals and CPU IP. - Work closely with physical design team to complete GDS. - Develop and maintain methodology/flow/checks for your design. - Work with multi-disciplinary groups to make sure designs are delivered on time and with highest quality by incorporating proper checks at every stage of the design process Education BSEE is required. MSEE is preferred. 