 Apple Information Security Technical Project Manager Job Number: 113188347 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Information Security is seeking an exceptional Technical Project Manager to support the risk assessment process of applications and systems across Apple. We are responsible for managing and mitigating risks faced by Apple to protect its systems, services and data. Our scope includes everything from customer applications to enterprise services like retail payment systems that support our physical and online storefronts. We work cross-functionally with teams Apple wide providing security consulting services and driving new security initiatives. You will be working hand in hand with our security teams and Apple’s project teams to ensure the success of the risk assessment process. If you are passionate about running a process impacting numerous teams on a daily basis, this might be your dream job. This position requires strong technical background and information security experience, as well as practical knowledge of security operations, concepts and technologies. The candidate will need to have a good mixture of technical know-how as well as a background in higher level information security concepts, risk assessment methodologies, and integration of security practices into the development and systems architecture. This is a combination of project management and process engineering, hands-on role that requires experience and expertise managing projects and processes related to networks, systems and applications security. Key Qualifications Passionate about keeping Apple’s customers safe Able to articulate technical details and risks to business leaders Ability to listen for nuances and dig into details in order to understand systems deeply Share your breadth of technical knowledge, including security best practices Highly collaborative Enjoys multitasking, organizing and prioritizing complex projects to meet deadlines Able to drive and improve solutions which may involve the integration with different teams and tools Strong information security experience Capable of writing detailed process documentation, best practices/standards and more Strong organizational and presentations skills, analytical mindset and fierce attention to detail Superb communications skills, capable of working with cross functional technical teams and business teams in a professional manner Self-motivated and pro-active with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Act with high ethical standards and integrity Description The Apple Information Security team is looking for a Technical Project Manager who can thrive in a fast-paced environment where both individual drive and team collaboration are the keys to success. InfoSec Technical Project Manager will be engaged with all aspects of the risk assessment process. The ideal candidate will be a partner with other teams at Apple, and will act in the best interest of the projects under their care, and always keep in mind what is best for the group, the organization and the company. An understanding of information security concepts and technical controls will be required in working with other organizations to integrate security solutions. Must be able to clearly communicate requirements and status at both the engineering and management level. Must enjoy in challenges and innovations and thrive in a fast-paced environment where accountability is paramount. Education Preferred: Bachelors in Computer Science or Engineering with an emphasis in Information Security or a related field, or equivalent experience. Technical certifications are a plus. Additional Requirements Skills and Experience Preferred: Strong project management skills, including excellent presentation development Able to research, architect and drive complex technical solutions, consisting of multiple technologies Experience with process engineering in the context of a large enterprise Must be highly collaborative, have an ability to influence cross-functional teams, maintain and develop relationships Understand and communicate complex issues in a timely, concise and objective manner Identify and resolve project conflicts and inter-dependencies quickly. Communicate issues proactively. Excellent analytical, organization and documentation skills along with a professional demeanor Expert in writing detailed solution specifications, diagrams, best practices/standards documentation, operating procedures, test plans/test reports, etc. 