 Software QA Engineer Job Number: 113106463 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Experience implementing large-scale production systems Relational databases and SQL Experience with Jenkins or similar CI systems Hadoop, Cassandra, Kafka, Storm, Spark and other big data knowledge High-volume deployment infrastructure Experience developing automation tools and scripting languages such as Perl or Python Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Experience using automated testing tools like Junit, TestNG, Cucumber, Watir, Appium, JMeter, or SoapUI Description This role will lead the quality assurance efforts of Internet Service Group using internal tools and automated systems. The candidate must be able to work closely with other QA and software engineers to drive resolution of issues. The environment is fast paced, and the projects evolve quickly. The candidate must be detail oriented, agile, and self-motivated. The ideal candidate will have experience in building complex automated systems and in building or working with continuous integration systems and would be able to gather and distill a large set of results into meaningful reports and graphs, including tailoring these reports to different audiences. Write and maintain code &amp; frameworks to verify the correctness and performance of software Write automated tests for high-performance and Internet scale services Build systems to do validation, performance, and unit testing Participate in verification releases Contribute to the quality strategy of the products Work closely with multiple engineering teams to define requirements Education Minimum of 3 years of directly related experience or PhD. Additional Requirements 3+ years experience in CI systems/tools 3+ years experience in maintaining Git repositories Experience setting up CI systems for OS X and iOS platforms 