 Battery Quality Engineer- Cell Job Number: 58254324 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here at Apple. You could help create and ensure the quality of the next generation of the world’s most finest devices. Great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your career, and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Strong quality aptitude related to vendor, component, material, process, and measurement system qualification. Six Sigma Black Belt or equivalent experience and in-training for SSBB Motivated, self-starter with excellent time management skills as well as strong process and result oriented approach to areas of focus Ability to work with other cross-functional teams and disciplines to arrive at a suitable engineering solution in fast pace environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with the ability to clearly and accurately explain technical issues Familiarity with Apple customer metric databases such as Tableu and experience with database management systems and data mining is a plus Competent in Mac based work environment Ten years of direct battery material and design development including, process tracking and performance / safety characterization experience with emphasis on lithium ion or lithium polymer battery cells. Familiarity with applicable test equipment, test procedures, international standards and certified agency requirements applicable to rechargeable lithium battery products. Familiarity with current state of the art production processes applicable to lithium rechargeable cells. Experience in working with external vendors and contractors to develop application to production of lithium batteries including statistical analysis of performance, results, process capabilities, and design of experiments. Experience with mathematical modeling of lithium ion battery designs is also desired. Description Proven problem solver with the ability to work with mechanical engineering to improve cell and pack development quality. These quality issues typically manifest as within-supplier quality issues or supplier-to-supplier quality issues. Typical problem solving tools will involve classical quality methods such as Pareto or Fishbone diagram. More complicated problems will require leading a cross-functional team in DMAIC Six Sigma methods. Experience required in working with internal cross-functional engineering teams, external suppliers, both domestic and international, to achieve successful quality improvement. Direct experience with failure analysis to root cause preferred. •Work to continuously improve cell and pack development quality across all Apple platforms, including assuring quality record compliance on all vendor control plans •Deploy design quality Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP), such as DFMEA/PFMEA and applied statistical methods to review EVT and PVT data appropriately. Ensure that APQP methods are completed through product development. •Constantly review Tableu and all customer metrics for trends that can be analyzed and defects prevented in current/future designs •Manage development quality at suppliers to ensure supplier quality. Prevent defects and minimize supplier-to-supplier variation •Lead problem solving teams to resolve quality issues using proper tools (standard tools for basic issues; Six Sigma and DMAIC for more complex issues) •Train suppliers to properly present data with goal of “management by fact” •Ensure PMP/Control Plans are valid for development needs in terms of sample size, measuring equipment, SPC, data reporting and reaction •Assist, and as required direct, FA/CA activities and develop process management plans and procedures including SOPs and work instructions. •Work with suppliers, contractors, support staff and management to ensure that proper quality tools are available and applied to new, as well as ongoing, technology development activities. •Coordinate supplier quality audits and subsequent quality gap analysis and follow-up activity to address identified gaps for new material and component vendors as required in support of new technology development activities •Participate in design reviews as quality representative, as necessary, and ensure that quality is conformance to requirements, and program/customer needs will be met •Assists with establishing mechanical dimension and cell design details required to meet application requirements. •Assist supplier to provide better DFM to Cell &amp; Pack PD team •Participate in Line Buy-off and OK2xxx process Education MS in Material Science, Electrochemistry, Chemical Engineering or better with emphasize in Quality experience and training Additional Requirements 40 - 60% Travel to suppliers and manufacturing facilities expected. Language skills in Chinese is a plus but not required 