 Software Engineer Job Number: 56909461 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's CoreOS organization is looking for a smart, proactive and results-oriented software engineer to help us drive and develop hardware and software initiatives. As an engineer of advanced technologies for iOS, you will have the opportunity to have a major impact on Apple's embedded operating system products. To be successful in this role, you must have a keen understanding of the underlying technologies and the ability to figure out how things work end to end. You must be able to devise innovative solutions to improve and streamline processes. You should also be comfortable moving from high-level UI development to frameworks. Most importantly, you should have a sense of style and design sensitivity. Everything we do should be beautiful, from source code organization, build scripts, and UI screen elements. Key Qualifications Software development experience in C/C++. Solid and fluent understanding of algorithm and data structures. Proficient in object oriented design Experience writing applications, frameworks or daemons. Working experience with OS internals, shell scripting, file system manipulation, process management, etc. The burning desire and ability to write robust, portable code -- and wide experience in doing so. Highly professional, with the ability to deliver high-quality work on tight schedules under high pressure. Demonstrated creative, critical and independent thinking capabilities and troubleshooting skills. Description Collaborate closely with CoreOS, AppleCare, and Marketing to design and develop innovative technologies for use in the field. Your code will have direct impact on iOS users worldwide. Evangelize and drive the adoption of these technologies and policies across the organization Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience/skills Additional Requirements Preferred Experience: Objective-C/Cocoa programming on Mac OS X or iOS 