 Sensor System Architect (EE) Job Number: 55247315 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Feb. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Design, develop, and launch next-generation Sensor Technologies in Apple products. The Sensor Technology team develops Sensor solutions and technologies for Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, MacBooks, and more. The key goal of the Sensor Technology team is to enable the world’s best user-experience. New challenges arise everyday that require the sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. Key Qualifications Multi-disciplinary understanding of EE, ME, and Physics principles Familiarity with mechanical design principles, FEA, and advanced materials Demonstrated experience in modeling complex cross-disciplinary systems Experience with statistical tolerance analysis in a production setting is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills. Proficiency in MATLAB, SPICE, or similar simulation and modeling tools. Experience with sensor technologies a plus Description Develop and maintain comprehensive, cross-functional sensor system models Feature definition, block-level simulation, and spec authorship of sensor modules Development and negotiation of cross-functional requirements to ensure module performance Development of detailed module architecture specifications Analyze engineering and production data sets in order to reconcile system models Work closely with firmware team to develop advanced algorithms to ensure module performance Work closely with mechanical engineering team in optimizing material and mechanical design trades Author regular technical communication for executive and cross-functional briefings Design analysis, characterization, and validation. Business travel to support product development Education • M.S. or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics or industry experience equivalent. 