 Systems Analytics Engineer Job Number: 113180824 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Great battery life and device performance are critical on mobile and portable devices. Would you like to help understand large scale trends on battery life, systems performance and server impact, and identify areas for improvement? Would you enjoy developing tools to triage battery life, performance and server efficiency issues? If this describes you, we would love to hear from you! Key Qualifications Strong statistical analysis skills, preferably experience with R, Python or MATLAB Experience with data mining / big data analysis and data visualization Strong coding skills, preferably in C/C++/Objective C/Java Experience in software design/development Strong analytical thinking to solve challenging problems Self-motivated and able to work independently Excellent spoken and written communication skills Description We're looking for a motivated engineer with excellent statistical analysis, programming, problem solving and communication skills. In this role, you will be working on analytics and developing software for analysis of battery life, systems performance and server efficiency issues. You will also be designing and developing large-scale big data infrastructure for rapid data analysis. To be successful in this role, you must have a solid foundation in statistical analysis and the ability to apply it to real world problems to draw sound conclusions. You must also have a solid software engineering background and be able to write production level code. As a member of this team, you will have the opportunity to solve challenging engineering problems across a broad range of Apple products. Education • M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or equivalent Additional Requirements Preferred skills and experience: • Proficiency in MapReduce development and experience with Hadoop or other data processing technologies • Knowledge of Hadoop-related technologies such as Impala, Hive and Pig • Strong system level understanding 