 Senior Product Marketing Manager, Search Ads Job Number: 113184642 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power Search Ads on the App Store, an easy, efficient and fast-growing platform for app discovery. With over 65% of all app downloads resulting directly from a search in the App Store, Search Ads is quickly becoming the app promotion platform of choice for iOS developers. We’re looking for someone with a passion for B2B or Developer marketing to join our Search Ads Product Marketing team and help developers with increased discovery of their apps on the App Store. A successful candidate will be highly analytical, resourceful, customer focused, team oriented, and will have an ability to work independently to meet deadlines and business objectives. As a member of a global Product Marketing team, you participate in every aspect of the product's journey from determining positioning, naming, gathering competitive analysis, commissioning customer research, influencing feature prioritization and developing marketing communications. You lead programs to acquire new customers and help them be successful. Key Qualifications Establish deep customer insights and needs through gathering and analyzing data from internal databases, including insights from developers, marketers, sales teams, customer care and third party sources. You will be responsible for the success of communications and programs, and measuring and reporting out to senior level management on KPIs and metrics. You'll work with a cross-functional teams across Product management, Product Strategy, Sales, Analytics, Creative services, Corporate Communications, Legal, Developer Relations, App Store marketing , iTunes Connect, and more. Collaborate closely with Developer Relations, App Store Marketing and iTunes Connect groups to amplify and strengthen outreach programs and activities. Deliver integrated marketing communications and programs to drive developer acquisition and engagement. Description - Track record of developing effective competitive positioning and messaging for digital advertising products. - Experience with B2B demand generation, direct response marketing, customer acquisition / success program development, and co-marketing. - Strong analytical and quantitative skills; strong bias towards data-based decision making. Proven ability synthesizing full funnel analytics, testing (such as A/B and multivariate) and customer insights into successful marketing strategies. Experience with Python, Hadoop/Hive, &amp; SQL preferred. - Ability to develop quantitative analysis, ad hoc reports, and models to support marketing efforts; experience with Tableau and Adobe Analytics, a plus. - Analysis areas may include, but are not limited to, retention, lifetime value, messaging, promotions, usage and engagement. - Excellent communication, collaboration, and planning skills; demonstrated success building buy-in for an innovative and bold vision. - Excellent customer experience intuition; demonstrated success in creating innovative and user-friendly, customer-facing campaigns. - Experience launching new benefits/features/products. - Proven track record working cross-functionally across numerous organizations (i.e. Product, Partner Development, Business Operations, Support and Engineering, global product marketing teams). - Receptive to feedback, and proactive to compile it from all stakeholders. - Improve internal processes and offer innovative approaches to increase efficiencies that help deliver and scale programs quickly. - Eager to partner with internal teams across Apple to help deliver comprehensive insights. - Strong leadership skills working with larger teams on ensuring objectives are clear and timelines are met. - Minimum of 8 years of online, digital, or app, direct marketing experience. - Experience with paid search or mobile ad networks required. Education Bachelors or minimum of 8+ years of relevant experience; MBA a plus 