 Siri Senior Distributed Compute Engineer Job Number: 113183458 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a member of the Data Engineering Operations team within the Siri organization, you will be faced with highly complex issues in a large scale, distributed systems environment. In order to ensure a reliable and rewarding Siri experience, you will be empowered to collaborate with application developers to develop and design new solutions heavily focused on improving the Siri user experience. We look for talented engineers in both the Operations and Development space to bring these unique solutions to production at a rapid pace. From an Operations perspective, this makes us the most successful personal assistant in the industry. Key Qualifications Deep knowledge of the Linux operation system (OS, networking, process level, etc.) Knowledgable of distributed compute concepts Understanding of Machine Learning concepts Understanding of one or more object-oriented programming languages (Java, C++) Fluent in at least one scripting language (Shell, Python, Ruby, etc.) Strong verbal and written communication skills Passionate about being a part of a tight-knit Operations team Industry experience (3+ years) Description We are looking for a motivated, self-driven, and creative distributed compute engineer who will provide support for various model training within Siri. This individual should have exposure to a wide variety of open source projects allowing him/her to create efficient and automated training pipelines. This person should be creative and thorough with their solutions with an emphasis on supportability. This person needs to be able to successfully collaborate with teams inside and outside of Siri. A successful candidate will have experience being a solid systems administrator that has moved onto development and automation in their career. - Operate Apple’s largest infrastructure supporting millions of Siri customers - Troubleshoot complex issues across the entire stack - Design and develop automation frameworks for continuous integration pipelines - Advise other teams (within and outside of Siri) on technical direction - Develop changes to our environment with the purpose of pushing Siri to the next level Education B.S. degree in Computer Science or equivalent Additional Requirements (Nice to Have) Java JVM performance tuning and optimizations Mesos compute platform Batch queuing systems such as SGE, LSF, or Slurm 