 Motion Sensing Testing and Characterization Engineer Job Number: 112902350 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The main responsibility of this role is to support efforts in integrating motion sensors into various consumer products. The candidate will be responsible for driving failure analysis and sensor characterization experiments, and providing recommendations based on data analysis of experimental results. This role requires intimate familiarity with electronics lab equipment, an intuitive understanding of the physics of motion sensors, a strong analytical and mathematical background, excellent communication skills, and a results-driven mindset with attention to quality of execution of the experiments. The candidate will also participate in building software and hardware infrastructures with the aim of streamlining and automating several engineering tasks, and providing Motion Sensing engineers with ready platforms that will reduce the time to obtain meaningful data from experiments. The candidate must be very comfortable working in a lab setting with mechanical, electrical, and environmental testing equipment. The Motion Sensing Hardware Team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people and cutting edge technologies. This team defines and integrates MEMS, magnetic and capacitive sensors across a variety of Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, Watch, MacBooks, and accessories. Engineering excellence and thoroughness are expected and encouraged. Invention and patent creation are expected and supported. The main goal of this sensing technology team at Apple is to push the envelope of design and ship innovative products with best-in-class technologies and user experiences. Key Qualifications Advanced data analysis: Correlations and trend extraction of data. Multivariate distributions. Signal conditioning and frequency domain processing of raw sensor signals. Temporal and frequency filtering techniques. Excellent hardware skills: An understanding of features and limitations of different microcontroller and FPGA platforms. The ability to read and understand datasheets and application notes. Experience with EDA tools and PCB design. Familiarity with the design of major circuit building blocks: ADC, power supplies, amplifiers, filters, and oscillators. Experience with using electronics lab equipment like oscilloscopes, power supplies, spectrum analyzers, and others. Intuitive understanding of physical processes in MEMS motion sensors. Experience in generic troubleshooting techniques: problem isolation, parametric sweep analysis, regression testing, identification of faulty test setup. Experience in software design, coding and architecture. Focus on data-driven and highly configurable software architectures. Familiarity with high-level programming features, and different useful software engines such as regular expression parsers. The ability and willingness to produce work that is conforming to design standards defined by the team. High interest in learning and development of skills mentioned above. Team player, with demonstrable skills in time management, meeting deadlines, producing reliable test results, and working to continually improve testing methodologies. Excellent written and verbal English communication skills. Highly desirable skills: Advanced computer programming. Circuit board rework. Firmware development. Simulation experience Description Core Responsibilities: Design and execute tests to characterize the performance of motion sensors, both standalone and in system Write and maintain scalable, configurable software to gather and analyze data, and present results Design/execute experiments that drive root cause analysis of motion sensor module and system failures Design and build printed-circuit board systems for characterizing new sensor modules and subsystems Assist team members with development of hardware/software infrastructure that enhance operational efficiency and eliminate repetitive work Work with the team to improve our testing and data gathering methodologies Education Requires a Bachelor Degree in Electrical, Electronics, or Mechatronics Engineering, with emphasis on basic physics and good familiarity with software design paradigms and architecture. 