 Writer, Interactive Retail Job Number: 113033779 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking for a Writer to join the Interactive Retail Team. Under the guidance of an Associate Creative Director, you’ll write the words that help define the Apple customer shopping experience on the Apple website, the Apple Store App, and on emerging digital platforms. You’ll write headlines (and lots of them) and concept ideas for seasonal promotions and direct marketing. You’ll also obsess over every caption, button, and link that guides a shopper through a transaction. But there’s a lot more to being a writer at Apple than simply writing copy. On any given day, you’ll brainstorm digital campaigns, help conceive innovative interaction models, and experiment with new digital platforms. This is a chance for you to do the best work of your career — and have it seen by the millions of people who visit our website and the Apple Store each month. Key Qualifications Write beautiful copy that inspires customers to shop for and learn about Apple products. Write fun, thoughtful headlines that are unmistakably Apple. Partner with the world’s best Art Directors and Designers to create groundbreaking interactive concepts and digital platforms. Confidently articulate ideas and present work to senior executives. Collaborate with CDs, ACDs, Apple Product Marketing, and Editors to refine (and refine and refine and refine) copy until it’s perfect. Meet deadlines and keep project managers in the loop. Keep up to date on the latest Apple products, solutions, and related technologies. Description 5+ years experience at an advertising agency, digital agency, or in-house creative group for a major or upcoming brand. A promising portfolio demonstrating strategic insight and writing talent through advertising campaigns, digital campaigns, film and video. A love for writing. Extreme attention to detail. Willingness to take risks, fail, and learn from mistakes. Education Bachelor’s Degree. 