 Machine Learning Engineer Job Number: 83828681 Cambridge, MA, Massachusetts, United States Posted: Jun. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Speech team at Apple. The Siri team is looking for bright and energetic software and system enthusiasts to assist in developing Siri across many languages and domains. You should be eager to get involved in hands-on work improving the Siri experience. Key Qualifications B.A., M.A., or PhD in Computational Linguistics, Computer Science, or equivalent Strong background in phonetic or phonological linguistics that is applicable to Speech Recognition (ASR) or text-to-speech applications (TTS) Strong ability and good intuition in spotting, analyzing, and solving linguistic errors is required Working knowledge in a scripting language such as Perl or Python Experience in ASR or TTS systems is highly preferred Knowledge of multiple languages, including fluency in several is a plus Description You will be a part of a team that's responsible for the full range of research and development activities. You will be primarily responsible for building and maintaining a large-scale automated release system that has direct impact to Siri products. You will design repeatable and scalable release processes. You will build tools that work with big data, integrate complex and diversified software components, and interact with quality controls. You will work on optimizing the system performance on both accuracy and speed. You should be passionate about creating phenomenal products. Because you'll be working closely with engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a team player who thrives in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Education BA, or MA in Computer Science or related field 