 Engineering Program Manager - Battery Execution Job Number: 112943139 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As an Engineering Program Manager within Apple's H/W Technology organization, you will be responsible for managing the product definition and development process for our Battery Design and Integration teams. The position will support multiple product lines. Key Qualifications 5+ years of related technical background in Computer or Consumer Electronics preferred (not required). Excellent data presentation, communication, organizational and leadership skills. Ability to filter and distill relevant information for the right audience. Ability to rapidly understand new technologies. Ability to comprehend, communicate and manage complex design tradeoffs. Familiarity with computer architecture. Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities. Remains flexible and calm in the face of ambiguity. Knowledge of product development and manufacturing processes. Understands and deals well with rapid development cycles. Description •In this role you will drive the day-to-day activities to meet the overall program objectives, focusing on process within product definition and engineering design cycles. •Identify cross-functional design dependencies and risks. •Clearly define and document design tradeoffs. •Develop project schedules. •Identify and engage cross-functional stakeholders for product definition decisions. •Drive day-to-day activities to meet overall project objectives. •Enable the development effort by creating and monitoring an efficient, streamlined process. •Identify and direct all resources required to execute successful projects. •Facilitate communication and collaboration across engineering functions and operations. •Offer multiple levels of status across a wide spectrum of individual contributors to executive management. Education •BSME degree or equivalent required 