 Software QA Engineer Job Number: 83852559 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking for a software QA engineer with development experience to drive an awesome customer experience for Apple products. This is your chance to join a key team driving the quality of future Apple products. In this role, you will be testing core graphics and display technologies, automating, leading, and working closely with the cross-functional teams to ensure product quality. The successful candidate has a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, excellent communication and presentation skills, OOP architecture skills, and the ability to manage complex and challenging projects. Additionally, the candidate is expected have the ability to architect, create, and run both manual and automated tests. Cross-functional collaboration with development, marketing and tech support teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role. Key Qualifications - 3+ years experience as a QA lead engineer. - Software skills with automated tool frameworks (ObjectiveC, PERL, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.). - Technical knowledge of I/O technologies including graphic interfaces (VGA, HDMI, DP, TB, and DVI) and wireless. - Ability to decompose tasks using OOP best practices. - Knowledge of MacOS, iOS, Linux and/or equivalents. - Strong written and verbal communications—including solid presentation skills. - Ability to execute test plans and managing complex projects on schedule. - Ability to work cross-functionally and influence other teams and groups. - Ability to think creatively, problem solve, reduce data sets, and innovate. - Identify, reproduce, and isolate bugs and drive the issues to completion. Description - Architect and execute tests to ensure the customer experience with Apple products - Create test plans and test automation frameworks. - Identify, reproduce, and isolate bugs. - Work with cross-functional teams to drive resolution of bugs. Education BSEE/CS or equivalent experience 