 Full-Stack Java Developer Job Number: 113138626 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring excitement and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you can accomplish. Apple is looking for an experienced Java Developer with a passion for delivering great enterprise apps across our iOS and macOS platforms. Key Qualifications In-depth understanding of Object Oriented and SOA design concepts Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills History of successful product delivery Enthusiasm for quality and attention to detail 6+ years of hands-on experience with full stack java development with an emphasis on using Spring Frameworks and ORM Ability or develop REST and micro-services APIs Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript ( familiarity with Angular JS is a plus ) Strong relational database skills, preferably Oracle Experience building web-based applications and services using web tools and technologies Ability to multi-task and manage tasks with varying priorities Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Exposure to non-SQL database such as MongoDB or Casandra is a plus Description Join Apple Finance/HR Systems team as a Senior Software Engineer to build innovative applications and custom solutions that serve all Apple Corporate Employees. The HR/Admin Systems group at Apple primarily focuses on creative ways to engineer business solutions to meet the growing business needs of Apple's Finance. These solutions are based on cutting edge enterprise technologies ranging from Server Side Java, Web Technologies, Swift, iOS and Oracle. As member of the technical team, you will play a critical role in shaping new systems design and technical direction for the organization; working with project managers and external vendors to ensure high quality deliverables. ​Candidates should have a strong software engineering background with current hands-on design and development experience in building mission critical applications on Java, OSX, iOS, or web platforms. Sound judgment, excellent oral and written communication skills, and strong technical leadership with the ability to drive decisions through consensus and influence change are must. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent 