 Technical Sourcer- Touch/Sensing &amp; Camera Hardware Division Job Number: 83541069 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a technical sourcer for Apple, you will have the opportunity to identify key talent to help shape and support our products. You will be responsible for identifying and engaging world-class engineers for our Hardware Engineering Teams. This will be achieved by creating effective sourcing strategies, building lasting relationships with potential candidates, providing high level of customer service and securing talent in a growing competitive market. Successful individuals will have significant experience of sourcing/ recruitment within a high volume, fast paced work environment. We have both contract and full-time roles available. Key Qualifications Solid sourcing experience gained within an agency or corporate setting (or equivalent), Hardware sourcing/recruiting experience is a plus Sourcing/Recruiting subject matter expert with a proven track record utilizing various sourcing resources/methods Ability to think “outside the box” and coming up with creative ways to source i.e. thinking beyond standard tools like LinkedIn and job board databases Individual must be hands-on and possess excellent interpersonal, communication, problem-solving, analytical, and research skills Flexibility to work with changing priorities based on team/business needs Excellent analytical skills and attention to detail Passion for driving quality in everything you do Customer focused, with the ability to manage and influence internal and external relationships Ability to work under pressure with challenging deadlines Ability to work in a fast paced environment and manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Description Network through various sourcing channels to find candidates with targeted skills, experience, and potential. Make initial contact with leads and candidates representing Apple and the opportunities within our organization. Identify sourcing channels and conduct market research to identify talent. Review and evaluate candidate applications and/or resumes against required experience, education, and skills. Conduct initial assessment of talent. Maintain research findings and update candidate database. Education Bachelor’s Degree is preferred with 3+ years of experience 