 GIS Data Analyst - Data Content focus Job Number: 113021470 Seattle, Washington, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary A job at Apple is unlike any other you’ve had. You’ll be challenged. You’ll be inspired. And you’ll be proud. We are geospatial experts making data driven decisions to improve the Maps experience for Apple users. As part of a dynamic, dedicated and passionate team you will perform detailed analysis, evaluation and quality control on a variety of map data content, and help define the processes and build the systems to get the job done. Key Qualifications A passion for maps and map data. Experience working with large, complex geospatial datasets. Expert in spatial queries on PostgresSQL/PostGIS databases and analysis using GIS software (ArcGIS, QGIS, OpenJUMP). 2+ years experience evaluating, building or ingesting map data for navigation products. Domain knowledge of commercial map data specifications and formats Great analytical skills and intuition, capable of making decisions based on analysis results and experience. Attention to detail, accuracy and quality of output, and a pride of ownership of it. Excellent oral and written communication skills Able to seamlessly switch between working independently and as part of a collaborative team. Description Our team combines the map data analysis results with other disparate signals, such as data analytics, community engagement, and user feedback to improve the Maps Platform. On any given day you will be asked to: - Collaborate with other analysts and developers to complete geospatial projects - Perform ad hoc and structured data analysis: evaluate, assess, report results and make recommendations - Root-cause complex geo-data problems, inspect and validate map data. - Communicate to a high-level audience for decision-making purposes. Education - Bachelor’s degree in Geography, GIS, or relevant field Additional Requirements The following are a definite plus: - 1+ years experience with OpenStreetMap (OSM) and tools (iD , JOSM etc.) - 2+ years experience with commercial map data content - Knowledge of PostgresSQL/PostGIS database management 