 Connectivity Insights Analyst Job Number: 112942415 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Characterize consumer data usage patterns — by device, geography/location, content/media type, and connection (both wireless &amp; wired). Create and implement first-of-a-kind, comprehensive user connectivity studies. Corroborate these direct quantitative findings with existing research sources (Nielsen, etc), to critically assess trends and forecast user demands &amp; requirements. Key Qualifications Undergraduate degree in Engineering or Computer Science 8+ years of experience in a mixture of software engineering, data engineering and analytics. Demonstrated track record of creating and building complex evaluation tools for assessing/tracking product performance and associated user behaviors. Expertise across an array of qualitative and quantitative research methodologies. Experience with analytical tools supporting statistical data evaluation and reporting, as well as querying large, complex data sets (Tableau, Spotfire, STATA, SAS, SQL, SPSS/R, etc). Strong familiarity with computer/IP networking (bandwidth estimation, packet loss, latency, streaming protocols, video codecs, FEC) Impressive track record of being able to deliver on complex initiatives, solid project management skills and attention to detail. Flexibility and comfort working on a dynamic, fast-growing effort with minimal documentation and process. Quick learner. Aptitude to deal with ambiguity, and enthusiasm to help solve difficult issues. Exceptional communication skills, for collaborating across many participating teams. Description Direct experience and familiarity with a variety of syndicated and secondary research sources, specifically in internet, wireless, and/or digital media. Understand market dynamics, trends, size, segmentation, customer needs, applicable and emerging opportunities, and competitive landscape. Experience defining market requirements for consumer-­facing technology products and services, to include target segments, competitive analysis, and industry trends. Demonstrated experience designing and executing empirical consumer digital data behavior surveys &amp; monitoring campaigns. Deep understanding of “last-mile” consumer device connectivity methods (DSL, cable, wireless cellular, WiFi/Ethernet, Bluetooth) Hands-on experience in software development methodologies and working knowledge in one or more programming languages (Java, C/C++, Python, Bash). Education Technical engineering BS required MS in EE or CS OR MBA preferred 