 Computer Vision/Machine Learning Engineer Job Number: 56433364 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 21, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is dedicated to advancing state-of-the-art computer vision, deep learning and machine learning technologies. As part of this focus, we are building a team of exceptional researchers and engineers to infuse intelligence in our devices and services to touch the lives of millions of users every day. We are looking for people with backgrounds in computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, and reinforcement learning. Key Qualifications Solid foundation in computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, and/or reinforcement learning Passion for working on cutting edge technologies and product delivery Solid C/C++ and system building skills Excellent understanding of data structures and algorithms Self motivated Excellent problem solving skills Excellent communication skills Description Computer Vision and Perception Solve the most challenging problems in computer vision and perception. Be part of a multidisciplinary team designing algorithms to analyze and fuse complex sensor data streams. We work on everything from low-level image processing algorithms to deep neural network approaches for object detection, always mindful of the balance between algorithm correctness and computational performance. Deep Learning We are looking for exceptional hands-on research scientists with a proven track record in a variety of machine learning methods: Supervised and unsupervised learning, generative models, temporal learning, multi-modal input streams, and other modern approaches. You will be joining a world-class, multidisciplinary team and will be participating in cutting- edge research in deep learning and arti cial intelligence. You will be solving real-world, large-scale problems. Machine Learning Infrastructure Join an exceptional team building the foundation for Apple’s intelligent products. Connect the world’s best researchers with world-class computing, storage, and analytics tools. Attack the most challenging problems in machine learning by innovating across the entire stack, from hardware to system software to algorithms. Reinforcement Learning This position requires highly motivated applied researchers with expertise in deep reinforcement learning, inverse reinforcement learning, decision theory, and game theory. Apply your expertise in the design of complex reinforcement learning algorithms to build intelligent systems that power world changing products. Education PhD or Master of Science degree in Computer Science or similar, alternatively a comparable industry career with a proven track record of successful projects. 