 Manager, Packaging Graphics Job Number: 55752201 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 3, 2017 Job Summary The Packaging Graphics Manager oversees a team of Packaging Operations Producers, R&amp;D and Packaging Print Managers. The role requires a strong leader who will develop research and development road maps to improve technology, quality and sustainability of Packaging components. S/he is responsible for packaging, labeling, and print documentation for all Apple products worldwide to ensure that high-quality printing and finishing is developed, produced, and shipped on-time. Propose new ideas/concepts for implementation. The ideal candidate loves Apple and loves people, is a positive and proactive leader who strives to learn from and inspire others, is self-directed and motivated, and has strong analytical, project management and presentation skills. The day-to-day expectations in this role vary, so a can-do, achiever who is able to work in the grey while paving roads for her/his team is critical. This position will report to the Director of Packaging, and partner with Cross-Functional teams Product Marketing, Creative Designers, Packaging Engineering, Industrial Design, Purchasing, Localization, Operations, in region local teams and suppliers. You will be involved in major legal/regulatory issues and participates actively in problem solving with Packaging Producers. Key Qualifications Knowledge of color management, pre-press, in-depth printing processes, and solving on-press issues. Requires knowledge of materials, inks, adhesives, and print decoration and finishing techniques. Strong communication and leadership skills. Computer skills/ Softwares: Proficient in Mac applications, database management systems, and basic knowledge of operations systems to manage Bill of Material, planning and work orders. Some travel, both domestic and international (up to 20% of time). Excellent listening skills, ability to partner and align with other teams, foster one-team culture, continuous improvement mindset. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills to work with cross-functional teams and a worldwide supply base. Possess creative problem-solving skills. Positive attitude and coach to the team with the ability to guide them, set priorities, and create team camaraderie. Ability to summarize issues and lead resolution through others. Description Provides direction and oversight, leadership and professional development to a team of experienced Packaging Graphics Producers and Print Managers. Prioritizes the work in order to meet business requirements. Leads by example, drives for excellence and doing things “right the first time”. Influence and gain alignment from other leaders, peers, partners. Leads R&amp;D project manager and develops a new Technology Road Map in collaboration with GSM, PD, TPM and Suppliers. Inspire Creative and Industrial Design teams for the next designs, bringing Innovations and new techniques via “Packaging Atelier Event” and other presentations. Create the workflow from ideation to execution, including the “Maker Lab” and software recommendations for the future. Support Packaging Producers in key meetings and coach them to deliver the best packaging solution to meet Creative/Industrial Design requirements and meet our timing and cost objectives. Manages the team workload, escalates major issues in leadership meetings and lead action plan for resolution. Works with Product Graphics Manager and ensure seamless execution and coherence between Product and Packaging Graphics. Set-up new Supply Chain in various regions with the help of local Print Managers (supplier audits, raw material sourcing, color management) Set-up Goals and Objectives for the Packaging Graphics team. With the team, develop departmental procedures for efficient work-flow. Identify ways to redistribute lower skills tasks as much as possible. Education BS degree - Packaging and Print background preferred, with manufacturing experience. Additional Requirements 10+ years relevant experience in consumer electronic or consumer goods, packaging and labeling, including management experience. Management experience necessary. 