 Engineering Program Manager - Wireless SOC/RF Job Number: 35925736 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Apr. 19, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is an individual contributor role, but we are looking for strong leadership skills for ensuring that our RF Analog/Mixed-signal IPs and Connectivity SoC chip designs meet the technical, quality and schedule requirements for Apple products. The EPM will be responsible for cross-functional communication and representation for the groups involved in RF IP development and Wireless SoC development from concept to production. Strong technical background in RF analog/mixed signal IP or RF or WiFI/BT Silicon development required. Candidate to have project management experience in some aspect of RF chip design, VLSI Chip Design and/or Technology process development. Candidate must have experience working in a dynamic engineering environment, must be good at multi-tasking, and real-time crisis management. Key Qualifications 5 years experience working with Analog and/or Mixed-signal IPs or RF products. Strong team player and creative thinker who is able to lead technical teams, cross functional groups and vendors against plans. High tech industry experience with a track record of hands-on product development, program management, project management or engineering management. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Good knowledge of Analog/Mixed signal/ RF design process, tools/flows and methodologies and SoC/chip design life cycle. Description Work closely with chip Integration and system teams to drive high level milestones. Ability to multi-task and manage designs across several projects simultaneously. Close technical requirements with Apple System teams, manage issues and track bugs. Work with cross functional SW and System organizations to enable progress on dependencies for Silicon tape-outs and ramp. Pull together regular project status presentations for Cross-Functional Executive reviews. Drive resolution of technical issues between cross-functional teams: Technology/Library, IP owners, Design, DV, PD, HW and SW teams. Convert large amounts of data into a clear story to communicate to stakeholders and organizations at all levels. Identify risks, develop mitigation strategies and facilitate conflict resolution. Track Project Schedule for all phases of Silicon-on-chip design: Design, Prototyping, Silicon Bringup, System Bringup and Production Ramp. Education MS or BS Degree in technical discipline or related field 