 Partner Operations Analyst, WW Enterprise Job Number: 113160789 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking for a Partner Operations Analyst to drive operational excellence for our global Enterprise and Business partner teams. Responsible for improving the end-to-end engagement with our partners from on-boarding to optimization, you will define operational best practice for our global partner organization. You love working on a project basis to solve problems and bring your analytical, operational, and technical skills to improve process and experience. You will collaborate very closely with Partner Managers, regional Sales teams, the Enterprise Design Lab, Finance, and external partners. Forming a key part of the Worldwide Enterprise strategy team, you will assist in positioning the value Apple’s Enterprise strategy, partners, and ecosystem bring to transforming how people work. You are a self starter who can listen, form insights, and drive ideas to execution. You will provide a neutral voice that influences stakeholders to improve processes. You possess a high degree of organizational maturity, a talent for working collaboratively in a matrix environment and an ability to deal with ambiguity with a natural attention to detail. A passion for exceeding expectations, and delivering a surprising and delightful result to all stakeholders will be key in this role, as will be the ability to build a strong trusted network within global and regional partner organizations. Key Qualifications Minimum 5-7 years in a partner management/B2B support or operations role. Excellent project management skills; able to manage numerous projects simultaneously. Experience working with regional teams and establishing process and workflow to achieve efficiency in tracking and reporting on sales results and partner success. Experience collating and defining requirements for sales and partner tools for global use including Data Visualization tools (i.e. Tableau), CRM tools (i.e. SugarCRM). Proven ability to build strong relationships with key internal partners, skilled at influencing and communicating across geographies, cultures, time-zones and organization levels. Natural project owner who resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Thrives at effectively managing multiple efforts simultaneously in an environment grounded in constant change. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and written skills. Able to develop clear, concise documentation, including reports and presentations. A passion for technology, innovation, and a willingness to constantly challenge the status quo. Able to handle ambiguity with grace. Good understanding of Apple’s hardware, software and ecosystem Relevant tertiary education and industry qualifications; specialization in Business, Management or Computer Science. Experience with Apple’s business sales channel. Experience dealing with business customers. Description Partner operations: Work with partners, cross-functional and global teams to assist with on-boarding and day-to-day management of partners, constantly working towards streamlining partner management processes. Create business and operational processes, develop detailed documentation and process diagrams, and increase the overall efficiency of how we work with partners. Drive regular engagement with global teams to ensure consistency in program elements such as training, partner success, demand generation planning and funding. Process and system requirements: Drive strategic and analytical initiatives to improve internal and partner facing processes and operation. Identify gaps and propose changes to existing policy, systems, and process frameworks. Work with development teams internally and externally to interpret business requirements, manage project scope, and provide relevant inputs for execution. Ensure CRM and other tools are designed to reflect latest partner information and drive team engagement with these tools. Reporting and governance: Devise the data gathering and analysis strategy for a consistent, centralized approach to communicate and understand partner activity and success. Work with Enterprise Design Lab and global partner teams to prioritize and measure partner success within the lab. Work with all external partners to inform and collate reporting requirements on a quarterly basis as well as any ad hoc reporting needed for strategic initiatives. Apple Compliance: Ensure all elements of partner operations meet the highest standards of Apple guidelines and standards. Supports the global activities and initiatives of the Worldwide Enterprise team as required. This is a non-commissioned, full-time position based in Cupertino, California. Education 4 year degree or relevant work experience. Additional Requirements Travel will be expected. Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 