 Siri Advanced Development, Speech Scientist/Engineer Job Number: 113205932 Seattle, Washington, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Siri Advanced Development team is looking for an exceptional, experienced speech scientist and/or software engineer who is passionate about incubating and shipping strategic features that will delight millions of users. The candidate should be team-oriented and collaborative, but also creative, proactive and comfortable with uncertainty. Key Qualifications 4+ years working as a speech research scientist/engineer. 2+ years working with deep learning. Excellent algorithm and data structure skills (time and space complexity analysis, optimization, etc). Experience writing code for shipping products. Exceptional expertise in C/C++ development. Demonstrated ability to quickly learn and modify large, existing code bases. Skill in efficiently implementing algorithms published in technical papers and/or developing new algorithms. Enthusiasm for continuing to learn the state-of-the-art in speech recognition research and development. Proficiency in Objective-C, Swift, JavaScript, and/or Python a plus. Familiarity with Unix and Git is important. Description If hired, you will work with a team to ideate, rapidly prototype, and potentially ship next-generation speech-related features for Siri. To succeed, you must be a strong problem solver with proven ability to work across multiple code bases, teams and organizations. You must enjoy creating elegant and compelling experiences, applying innovative technology in the service of human-centered design. This position offers the right person a chance to play an important role in the next revolution in human-computer interaction and machine learning. You will contribute to a product that is redefining computing. You will be part of a team that’s creating groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, using spoken language understanding. You will work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that already helps millions of people get things done. You will be working in the Siri Advanced Development team, at Apple. Education B.S, M.S. or PhD. in Computer Science, or equivalent experience. 