 HelpDesk Operations Analyst Job Number: 113171303 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The AppleCare Operations HelpDesk Operations Analyst (HDOA) is a multifaceted role that provides real-time phone and chat support for AppleCare At-Home Advisors (AHA), operationally sustains the authentication tool within the Outsourced Vendor (OSV) environment, and drive compliance for AppleCare security compliance initiatives worldwide. In addition to support functions, HDOA will analyze information and develop strategies that reduces operational costs, improve operational efficiency, and increase compliance for AppleCare security initiatives. This position is based onsite in Austin, TX. Key Qualifications Interpersonal skills including effective communication, issue resolution and positioning Demonstrated ability to work effectively with business leadership Experience with creation and development of processes and procedures Self-motivated and independently able to prioritize tasks and resolve issues Multi-channel support experience including simultaneous chats, email, phone and ticketing systems Minimum 1 year experience in a technical support environment 1 year contact center operations experience is preferred Ability to work additional hours or make shift adjustments as determined by business needs Good knowledge of Internet services and network configurations including broadband DSL/cable modems and routers as well as wired or wireless home networks Familiarity with supporting at-home contact center tools (e.g. CRM Systems, Soft-phones, Home Network Infrastructure, etc) Adaptive interaction with users of diverse levels of technical proficiency Demonstrated ability to use analytical tools such as Microsoft Excel, Numbers, and Tableau to analyze large sets of data and develop reports Ability to work effectively with global teams Willingness to take on new roles, assignments and responsibilities as nee Description AppleCare Operations HDOA act as the first point of contact for Advisors to help resolve any work stopping technical issues. HDOA is also the primary point of support for the authentication tool utilized in the OSV environment. HDOA resolve issues in real-time to reduce the impact of technical issues in the call center. The team frequently parters with Advisors, leadership from both Operations and the customer-facing organization, Network Operations Center (globally) and iFleet (globally) to resolve and communicate issues in real time. A successful analyst will have exceptional troubleshooting, customer service, analytical and problem solving skills, experience in a help desk environment providing technical support to individual users and a very good understanding of and experience troubleshooting macOS as well as Apple and third-party network equipment and home environments. The candidate will also have exceptional oral and written communications skills and the ability to use data analytics tools to report on trends and compliance initiatives. The HDOA must be able to analyze real time information, Advisor behaviors, and historical reporting to create and implement problem resolution strategies. This person must work successfully in a tight-knit team environment and have the flexibility to work overtime and make shift adjustments as needed. Education Bachelor degree or equivalent experience Additional Requirements Candidates must be able to work any shift from Sunday - Saturday, 7:00AM — 10:30PM Central Time. 