 Business Analyst - iTunes Customer Experience Job Number: 112975351 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This position is a part of the AMP Customer Experience team and will work closely with business teams to ensure a high quality customer experience. This role participates in large-scale customer cleanup and appeasement efforts, executive escalations, and works cross functionally on readiness and response projects for AMP products and services. Key Qualifications 3+ years of customer service experience, preferably in a high-tech environment Experience working with customers in a multi-channel setting, including chat, email and phone support Strong written and verbal communication skills Project management experience; strong organizational skills Team-orientation; must work well with others to ensure positive, accurate interactions with all internal and external customers Solid understanding of iTunes and the overall Apple ecosystem Strong technical savvy: MAC and IOS familiarity Experience performing data analysis and reporting both in detail and summary formats Scripting/coding experience preferred Description This position is a multifaceted role with a variety of tasks and responsibilities that responds to and resolves complex customer issues escalated from the AppleCare organization, other members of the AMP Ops teams or Apple executives. Additionally, the role actively participates in new product launches (readiness) by teaming with other iTunes groups as well as AppleCare Engineering to ensure positive customer experiences with the new product or service right from launch. The position uses a variety of systems and tools to help resolve issues with the iTunes store that impact one or many customers. This role will also be asked to participate in reporting and analysis to provide summary and detailed information for other parts of the iTunes business regarding how are customers are using our products and services. Strong analytical and reporting skills are needed coupled with an ability to lead meetings. Responsibilities: • Represent Customer Experience team and work closely with other AMP Ops and business teams to build strong relationships aimed at ensuring positive customer experiences with our products/services. • Work cross functionally during product launches to understand impacts on our existing base and advocate for our customers during the design, development and implementation stages to ensure an exceptional and seamless customer experience. • Identify issues and trends impacting customers proactively and resolve or escalate appropriately. • Work closely with internal engineering teams to ensure support tools provide needed information, features and flows to advisors after launch of new services/products. • Manage all production work including but not limited to customer outreach and appeasement via email. • Participate in issue investigation/resolution/escalation when new problems arise from existing products/services. Should represent the iTunes business and advocate for the customer when working to resolve these types of problems. • Analyze trending customer data and build reporting that highlights key issues, their scope and recommendations for resolution. Education Bachelor’s Degree in communication, technology or other related field required 