 Web Application Engineer Job Number: 57762226 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you passionate about writing beautiful code and test-driven development? Do you enjoy spirited discussions on the future of web standards like Ruby, Python, HTML and JavaScript? Do you obsess over the user experience and getting the details right? If so, the Software team is in search of a motivated engineer who is self-driven and has the proven track record in design and development of both mobile and web applications. The candidate should have a passion for software engineering, be innovative and possess strong technical and communications skills. Key Qualifications Knowledge of Objective-C or Swift, Ruby, Python, HTML, CSS and JavaScrip Knowledge of Apple's development API's (Cocoa Touch, Cocoa, CoreFoundations, CoreGraphics, etc) Experience shipping consumer oriented products Familiarity with Unix, especially Mac OS Experience with RESTful Web Service APis Experience writing multithreaded code Passion for Apple platforms and writing simple, elegant software that is easy and fun to use Relationship Database experience with SQLite, MySQL, Postgres or Oracle is a plus Experience writing Confluence plug-ins a plus Description In this role you will be expected to be equipped with excellent skills in objective-oriented software design and programming, and to have real-world experience creating applications for consumers for both the web and iOS. You will be responsible for developing new features, maintaining existing code, fixing bugs and contributing to overall design. The ideal candidate will be an expert in Ruby or Python, JavaScript, and HTML and will have sound understanding of modern, scalable web architectures. Education BS/MS EE/CS/CE or equivalent Additional Requirements Strong Objective oriented programming and design skills Experience designing and implementing brower-based user interfaces using AJAX, ReST, and/or JSON Experience at the application and user interface level with at least one of the following; Cocoa, Java, C++ Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communications skills. 