 AppleCare CSAT Platforms Program Manager Job Number: 113079064 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Nov. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare is seeking an experienced Program Manager to manage its contact center CSAT survey program worldwide. This Program Manager will be responsible for the strategic direction, overall health, and multimillion dollar budget for AppleCare’s CSAT survey platforms. This is a challenging and fast paced role requiring a strong leader capable of moving fluidly from strategic product vision and customer experience design to flawless execution on the highest volume automated customer experience platform within Apple Support. AppleCare’s CSAT survey platforms encompass multiple technology stacks and technical approaches from voice intent recognition, SMS surveys, and voice surveys. This Program Manager will work seamlessly with a network of 3rd party vendors and internal software engineering teams to create and evolve the best customer experience for Apple customers while meeting other defined business objectives. Key Qualifications Strong Business Analyst experience and skills 3-5 years experience with CSAT reporting Experience managing projects or programs, including large, cross-functional contact center or support initiatives, preferably with an emphasis on technology solutions Extensive knowledge of the AppleCare Contact Center tools and processes is a plus Knowledge of Apple Support customer experiences Excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience presenting to varied audiences Ability to maintain and develop relationships within the cross-functional teams including management of vendor relationships Proven experience creating effective business requirements and user stories Ability to quickly identify issues with systems and processes and provide recommended solution. Experience with a variety of software development methodologies including Agile, Waterfall, and Spiral Ability to use data and analysis to make decisions and influence others Description - Builds professional &amp; trusting relationships with both geographically and internationally dispersed entities and individuals. - Has a comprehensive knowledge of multimodal CSAT survey delivery platform technologies. - Understands survey science to ensure AppleCare customers are asked the appropriate questions to meet customer and business needs. - Basic understanding of IVR technologies. - Has solid understanding of call distribution, queuing and routing. - Is able to develop and communicate a strategic product vision. - Vendor Management experience. - Ability to explain problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions. - A strategist with a long-term vision and track record for innovation, who will identify new opportunities and best practices while directing strategic and innovative support programs on time, on budget, and aligned with organizational goals. - Ability to effectively express ideas and thoughts verbally and in written form up to and including executive leadership. - A detailed-oriented, hands-on leader, who takes full accountability from conception through implementation of critical support initiatives. - Travel - several times a year including international trips to support global initiatives. Education BS/BA or equivalent experience required 