 Senior Network Engineer Job Number: 112949390 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Come help us build the next generation cloud platform to support Internet services across Apple. Our Data Center and Network engineering team evolves, designs, deploys and operates infrastructure which forms the foundation for some of our most exciting services, including Siri, iCloud, Maps, iTunes, and more. The scale at which Apple operates requires the highest levels of automation and integration from the application through compute and the network, end to end. In this role you will have the unique opportunity to participate in delivering some of the world's largest-scale cloud services to the most loved devices on Earth. Key Qualifications Strong experience with data center network architectures, network engineering and operations Experience with Linux, Git, Puppet, systems administration, scripting at scale Open networking, disaggregated switch hardware and software, Clos network topologies, NOS’s Data center physical considerations, including power, cooling, deployment planning, fiber cable plant requirements and design. All modern datacenter link medias, their characteristics and operations. Datalink layer protocols including STP, tagging, MAC and ARP matters at scale. Network layer routing table distribution protocols (BGP etc.), traffic forwarding and troubleshooting. Direct experience with transport connection performance, load distribution and steering at scale. Service location and client to service architectures for complex applications. Component and system level monitoring architectures, deployments and operations. Mentor and lead level troubleshooting skills and methods. Description The Platform Infrastructure Engineering group designs, builds and operates the cloud infrastructure that hosts Apple consumer facing applications. We are looking for an extremely capable senior network engineer to join a team of highly experienced and effective engineers who are passionate and creative about delivering service. Challenges of scale are solved through automation, attention to detail, and the strength of a fully integrated data center, network, compute and application stack. Your experience in understanding how applications operate across distributed resources in diverse geographies, willingness to personally support the platform, and create and tune the tools and monitoring will make you a successful candidate. You will own projects for their full lifecycle. Education BS or MS or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements N/A 