 Operations Program Manager Job Number: 57987155 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Jun. 20, 2017 Job Summary The AppleCare Contact Center Operations team is seeking a Security and Quality Operations Program Manager. This position will focus on managing asset security compliance and implementation for our World Wide Contact Centers. The Program Manager will also be responsible for monitoring post launch releases and daily routing performances within the AppleCare routing environment to identify potential impact to our customers. Key Qualifications Minimum 5+ years experience managing operation and quality programs Strong understanding of Desktop, Wide Area Network, Local Area Network and Telephony functions. Knowledge of Jamf Pro (Casper Suite) preferred Demonstrated experience analyzing complex data. SQL knowledge is a plus. Excellent skills in project management, negotiation, problem solving and relationship management. Ability to use critical thinking and logic skills to understand and resolve issues Highly analytical, detail oriented and technically savvy Self motivated with the ability to work in a dynamic environment and adapt to sudden changes. Experience interacting with stakeholders and working cross functionally within the company as well as external vendors. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Description Manage Jamf Pro compliance and new security initiative for the WW AppleCare Contact Centers sites. Partner with New Product Security and Information Security to apply best Operational security practices. Proactively identify new risks, provide recommendations and drive decreases on potential security /asset management issues. Partner with iFleet, AHA Helpdesk and CCE Managers Globally to co-ordinate Security initiative within AppleCare Operations world wide. Develop metrics and reports for daily monitoring and post launch IVR/Routing releases to react appropriately to potential customer impact. Program Manage multiple operations sustaining programs. Education Bachelor's Degree (Computer Science, Analytics preferred). 