 Sr. Javascript Engineer, Siri Job Number: 58184428 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join the Siri team and develop the next generation of distributed artificial intelligence systems. Siri is dramatically expanding to connect services to multiple platforms ranging across iPhone, iPad, WATCH and tv devices, and you can be the engineer that takes its capabilities even further. Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. Key Qualifications Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Expert in JavaScript application development and testing (e.g. Node.js, Mocha, PhantomJS) Development experience at the application level with Objective-C Cocoa Experience developing web services Knowledge of distributed systems and experience writing asynchronous code Self-motivated, detail-oriented, excellent problem solving ability and critical thinking Preference for development experience with server-side Java Excellent communication skills, both oral and written Description The Siri team is looking for someone with a combination of strong Client and Server-side software development experience. We’re looking for the right person who can collaborate with other engineers in several technical areas to help build Siri’s unique intelligence across different platforms and technologies. The ideal candidate should be able to design &amp; develop distributed features that combine the strengths of different languages, runtimes and platforms to provide our users with a “magical” experience. To succeed in this role, you must be a strong programmer and a creative problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment. You’ll work with different teams and organizations, breaking new ground through state-of-the art distributed artificial intelligence systems. Education B.S or M.S in Computer Science, or equivalent experience 