 Site Reliability Engineer Job Number: 86413349 Elk Grove, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in revolutionizing how people use their computers and mobile devices. Create groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. And work with the teams creating the most scalable big-data systems in existence. Key Qualifications Experience managing Linux systems in a 24/7 production environment. Ability to program in Python, Ruby or Perl highly preferred. Working knowledge of multi-tier applications and their dependencies including load balancing, TCP/IP networking, web services, LDAP and DNS. Proficiency with web server administration including Apache and Nginx highly preferred. Knowledge of database support and administration including MySQL, Postgres &amp; HBase. Experience with monitoring tools such as Nagios and Graphite highly preferred. Develop and maintain automation for system administration and application management. Experience with configuration managers such as Puppet, Chef or Ansible highly preferred. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills demonstrated through previous projects or assignments (work or academic related). Network administration experience a plus. Description Monitor production, staging, test and development environments for a myriad of applications in an agile and fast paced organization. Strong troubleshooting ability will be used daily; a successful Site Reliability Engineer will take steps on his or her own to isolate issues and determine root cause through investigative analysis. Must be an independent problem-solver who is self-directed and capable of exhibiting deftness to handle multiple simultaneous competing priorities and deliver solutions in a timely manner. Provide incident resolution for all technical production issues. Create and maintain accurate, up-to- date documentation reflecting configuration. Responsible for writing justifications, training users in complex topics, writing status reports, documenting procedures, and interacting with other Apple staff and management. Improving the stability, security, efficiency and scalability of all production systems. Determine future needs for capacity and investigate new products and/or features. Design, implement, and extend automation tools to improve internal and external team efficiency. Provide 24x7 on-call support to handle urgent escalations. The position will require rotating day, night and weekend shifts. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent Program preferred. 