 Apple Media Products - Big Data Engineer Job Number: 57274944 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Our team provides insights through data that drive decision making for our engineering and product teams. We are looking for a Data Pipeline Engineer that can automate and build data pipelines that provide data to our reporting tools for the AppStore, Apple Music, Movies &amp; TV, etc. Key Qualifications At least 5 years’ practical experience with Big Data systems, ETL, data processing, and analytics tools. Experience with big data systems and distributed computing, such as Hadoop and Spark. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive and SparkSQL. Experience with entity-relationship modeling and understanding of normalization. Experience with sessionization of clickstream and time-series data is a plus. Familiar with the concepts of dimensional modeling. Experience maintaining a large software system. Experience with Continuous Integration. Experience writing a test suite. Experience with Version Control such as git. Experience with programming languages such as Scala, Spark or Python. Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGplot, etc. Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation. Description Our team designs, executes and builds tools for online experiments (A/B tests) and offline experiments (human relevance judgement) that help us enhance and fine tune our data-driven features (Search, Recommendations, etc.). Your primary focus will be to automate the delivery of various datasets by working with Data Scientists on our team to understand important KPIs and how they are derived. You will write and maintain the code that ingests, computes and organizes various data sets. Additional expectations of this role include: Work with software engineering teams to enhance data collection procedures. Processing, cleansing, and validating the integrity of data used for analysis. Engineer code that is durable and reliable. Performance tune and optimize code as data grows and needs change. Generate reports (that can be automated) to present key insights to stakeholders across engineering and product teams. Passion for visualizing and making sense of data analysis. Education BS in Computer Science or related discipline, MS preferred. 