 Senior Software Quality Engineer Job Number: 113204926 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Technology Investigation team is looking for a driven and dedicated Senior Software Quality engineer. As a member of our fast-paced group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to be part of a new project and shape upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day. Key Qualifications Excellent knowledge of software development lifecycle, testing methodologies, and testing tools. Experience in creation and automation of software tests (e.g., unit-tests, regression tests, functional tests, stress tests). Excellent knowledge of software QA metrics, operations, and statistical techniques. Experience in developing test plan, assessing risk, filing appropriate defects, and providing relevant data for test reporting. Experience in driving development and deployment of relevant testing tools and infrastructure. Detail oriented, analytical, and creative thinker with passion for quality processes. Experience with Continuous Integration systems (e.g. Jenkins). Experience in C/C++/Obj-C and scripting languages (e.g. Python). Ability to triage problems, prioritize accordingly, and propose a resolution. Strong organizational and communication skills. Ability to work independently, raise issues and take corrective action. Description As the Sr. Software Quality Engineer, you will work in a cross-functional team which is developing innovative computer graphics applications. You will work closely with software engineers, management, other Apple QA teams, and will contribute new work to the Quality Plan and educate various software engineering teams on writing appropriate requirements and test plans. You will ensure that Apple delivers the next generation products with the highest quality. You will triage and debug difficult problems, driving them to resolution, in an effort to make the user experience great. Your responsibilities will include defining test coverage, developing test plans, creating and maintaining test cases, executing functional and performance tests, evaluating and reporting quality of existing technologies and new features, developing and maintaining test tools, and implementing test automation. You will carry a great deal of influence across the software engineering organization and as such, top candidates will demonstrate previous success achieving certification of highest quality standards. Education BS or MS in CS/CE or equivalent experience is expected. 7+ years of relevant experience. 