 Info Systems Engineer, IS&amp;T Collaboration Services Job Number: 113122553 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Job Summary The Client &amp; Collaboration Services team ensures Apple’s employees are productive, efficient and secure. As part of the Collaboration Services team you will be responsible for identifying and implementing cutting-edge products while managing flawless operation of existing systems. Key Qualifications Experience in designing and managing systems with high performance, scalability and availability Experience implementing 3rd party solutions with a strong focus on performance, security, reliability and internal tool integrations. Experience with SAML is desired. Experience with managing, deploying and securing content co-editing collaboration solutions is required Experience with AWS-hosted applications, with solid knowledge of data encryption Experience with Oracle RDBMS, Cassandra, Git, Jenkins and Scrum development process Accomplished automation/scripting experience with Bash, Perl, Python, or other. Efficiently troubleshoot/prioritize issues and reinforce a culture of root cause analysis. Responsible for configuration, management, and support of infrastructure with careful regard to availability, connectivity, performance, and security. Coordinate vendor escalations by acting as a bridge to the vendor’s support and engineering resources. Continuously move forward by researching new and emerging technologies. Proactive follow through on commitments. Excellent communication, organizational and presentation skills; attention to detail. Keep technical skills and product knowledge sharp via ongoing training and personal study. Coach junior staff and assist in training new developers to organize our growing team Curiosity and a willingness to learn and talk about emerging technologies Ability to manage conflicting project demands and thrive in a fast-paced environment Description You will be responsible for designing the architecture of collaboration systems as well as managing the day-to-day development activities of a group of junior developers and contractors. Beyond that, you’ll bring your best influencing skills to bear so that others join your vision for the most customer-centric results possible. You will be responsible for evaluating and integrating collaboration tools as well as developing a strategy/roadmap for collaboration tools. Education BS Computer Science or Equivalent 