 Computer Vision System Test Engineer Job Number: 113001225 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Computer Vision Testing group is seeking a talented Computer Vision System Test Engineer to evaluate, analyze and provide first-hand field testing feedback to Computer Vision algorithm team and cross fuctional teams. This is your chance to join a team dedicated to developing exciting new features on the world most popular products. Key Qualifications 3+ years experience system testing on shipping products Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle, testing methodologies, test terminology and processes Field test on any shipping product is strongly preferred Data collection experience with good finish quality is a must Experience with image evaluation and performance testing preferred Expertise in executing design/execute test plans and providing responsible evaluation Familiarity with camera optics, image sensor technology, and experience with testing ISP algorithms. Understanding of computer vision/video processing preferred Matlab/Python skills for data analysis preferred 40% ~ 80% of your time will be spent on field test Description You will work closely with cross-functional teams focused on developing new computer vision technologies. You work in a group that is responsible for evaluating multiple computer vision projects that will have great impact on products. You need to work closely with computer vision SW automation team to define test cases and provide thorough evaluation. Great communication skills is a must since you are going to work with various developers from cross-functional teams. You need to have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, gaining in-depth knowledge of how new systems function and are comfortable working in a fast-paced environment. You need to conduct subjective system test, provide feedback from both user stand point and algorithm testing stand point; You are going to create reports and be able to present result at executive level. You will provide first hand user feedback that could be used to improve automation testing strategy and improvement of algorithm. Education BS or MS in Engineering, Color Science, Photo Science, or Computer Science Additional Requirements Familiarity with software configuration management systems and/or source code version control systems (preferred) Experience with scripting languages, particularly Python (preferred) Experience with code signing and build management tools (make, SCons, ant) (preferred) Experience building C++ (preferred) Familiarity with Mac OS and iOS (preferred) Experience with Xcode (preferred) Prior knowledge in image processing or computer vision is a plus Knowledge with CMake (preferred) 