 Data Center Chief Engineer Job Number: 112928201 Mesa, Arizona, United States Posted: Aug. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 10+ years infrastructure experience with a focus on Data Center Facilities operations. Strong leadership and management skills and experience. A very good understanding of electrical and mechanical systems in use in the Data Center environment including transformers, generators, switchgear, UPS systems, ATS &amp; ASTS units, PDU/RPP units, chillers, cooling towers, CRAC/CRAH units . Ability to communicate effectively and provide direction to contractors and vendors performing maintenance or upgrade work on systems installed in a Data Center environment. Must understand the Data Center environment and excel in customer service . Ability to learn quickly, work autonomously, and address any issues that arise day or night . Detail oriented . A willingness to provide on-call support in case of emergencies or other off-hours issues . Strong verbal and written communication skills. Description Work directly with Corporate Facilities to manage preventive maintenance activities as well as infrastructure upgrades. Build and foster a culture of teamwork at the site. Manage others to perform daily responsibilities. Report to and interact with senior management as required. Manage the installation, repair, and maintenance of critical facility systems. Responsible for scheduling and managing the regular testing of facility equipment. Responsible for executing and tracking planned facilities work at the Data Center. Plan and coordinate the implementation of new Data Center facilities projects. Monitor and report on facilities system utilization, capacities, and performance. Review existing procedures and implement needed additional maintenance procedures. Prepare site documentation including floor layouts and engineering designs. Develop site solutions in support of various key infrastructure and business needs. Education Strongly prefer a degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering. 