 Software Engineer Job Number: 113190653 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's CoreOS organization is looking for a smart, proactive and results-oriented software engineer to help us drive and develop innovative software initiatives for iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. This is a great opportunity for an engineer who is interested in exploring software technologies throughout the stack and willing to take the challenges to have a major impact to all Apple’s products To be successful in this role, you must have a keen understanding of the underlying technologies and the ability to figure out how things work end to end. You must be able to devise innovative solutions to improve and streamline processes. Most importantly, you should have a sense of style and design sensitivity. Everything we do should be beautiful, from source code organization, build scripts, to UI elements. Key Qualifications Software development experience in C/C++. Strong understanding of OS internals Solid and fluent understanding of algorithm and data structures. Proficient in object oriented design Experience writing applications, frameworks or daemons. The burning desire and ability to write robust, portable code -- and wide experience in doing so. Highly professional, with the ability to deliver high-quality work on tight schedules under high pressure. Demonstrated creative, critical and independent thinking capabilities and troubleshooting skills. Description Collaborate closely with Marketing, Operations, Hardware Engineering and other teams in Software Engineering to design and develop innovative technologies for our users. Evangelize and drive the adoption of these technologies and policies across the organization. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience/skills Additional Requirements Preferred Experience: Objective-C/Cocoa programming experience on macOS and/or iOS Experience with networking programming (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, etc.) Experience with software and system security 