 Senior Big Data DevOps Engineer Job Number: 70876725 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 9, 2017 Job Summary At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. The Ad Platforms TechOps Team is seeking a seasoned DevOps Engineer for the Big Data Operations team. Key Qualifications 5+ years of working experience in Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Solr, Spark Kafka, Flume, NoSQL databases) Proven track record of architecting, designing and implementing data pipelines and related operations Big Data operations and support experience in Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and NoSQL databases Hands-on experience with DevOps tools, automating engineering and operational tasks Highly knowledgeable and experienced with scripting languages like Puppet, Python, Perl, etc. Experience with source control management such as Git and/or SVN Expertise in troubleshooting complex OS, database, file system, network configuration, and application &amp; web server issues Development experience in object oriented programming languages such as Java &amp; Scala is strongly preferred Must have extensive experience evangelizing DevOps best practices and influencing cross functional teams to solve production issues upstream Strong verbal and written communication skills Data analysis experience is a bug plus Willingness to participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation for escalations Description As a senior DevOps engineer for our Big Data environment you will add tremendous value in developing strategies, defining new processes and driving initiatives to support our infrastructure globally. You will work on collaborative projects such as building large scale data pipelines and analytical solutions between our team and others businesses at Apple. You must be a self starter, an outstanding communicator, and a solid technical contributor. Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent is required. Master's degree preferred. 