 Sustaining Operations Program Manager - iPhone Job Number: 113154637 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Sustaining Operations Program Manager (OPM) is responsible for OEM operations readiness and execution during the sustaining phase of the product lifecycle. The position is the primary operations interface to other functional organizations within Apple. Overall mission is a successful transition from product launch to ramp followed by product sustainment to end of life. Key Qualifications - Prior experience in manufacturing, supply chain management, supply demand management, or/and project management - Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to present to executives - Ability to travel 10% internationally - A successful OPM is a natural leader and facilitator; is dynamic, driven, organized and detail oriented; excels in program/ project management with strong analytical and Excel skills; communicates with ease at all levels; thrives in an ambiguous environment; is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts; manages through relationships and influence; and displays grace under fire. Description - Coordinate with cross-functional functions, including Planning, Material, Quality, NPI and in region OPMs, to ensure production target and shipment target are met. - Analyze forecast and operational data on daily basis to identify short term and long-term issues impacting product availability, quality or customer experience. - Work proactively with cross functional team to resolve operations issues, with strong sense of urgency to take immediate recovery actions and follow-ups. - Create relevant management reporting with high data accuracy on a weekly basis and communicate in a timely manner. - Manage all operations-related communications, upward and downward through the organization; escalate key issues and present options for resolution to the cross-functional executive teams. Education - Bachelors's degree in Business Operations, Engineering, Operations Research or related field. Master's degree, MBA or management consulting experience in Operations preferred. 