 Instructional Designer, Apple Product Documentation Job Number: 113111393 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Product Documentation group is looking for a creative Instructional Designer to develop innovative end-user instructional materials for software and hardware products. Key Qualifications Minimum of four years’ experience creating end-user instructional materials, or equivalent experience. Exceptional writing, communication, and project management skills. Experience with one or more related disciplines, such as HTML development, interface design, human-computer interaction, communication design, usability testing, and interaction design. Description The Instructional Designer: Writes clear and engaging content for a variety of formats, including HTML, ePub, interactive media, etc. Tailors the voice, tone, instructional approach, and user experience for the specific deliverable and audience. Visualizes, prototypes, and demos compelling alternatives for presenting instructional information. Collaborates extensively with other project team members–including editors, graphic designers, engineers, and marketers–and receives and incorporates feedback appropriately. Meets regularly with project teams to communicate and defend instructional design decisions as needed. Views and interprets data from various sources (customer feedback, analytics reports, usability tests, and so on) for guidance on ways to improve the quality and effectiveness of assigned deliverables. Advocates for users throughout the product development cycle, and influences product and interface design through close collaboration with product teams. Masters the proprietary tools required to design, develop, debug, and update deliverables. Stays abreast of instructional trends and technologies, and participates in evolving overall instructional strategies. Education Degree in Instructional Design, Instructional Technologies, Information Design, or equivalent. 