 Senior Software Engineer, iTunes Store Engineering / Content Processing Job Number: 57135928 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Developing large-scale applications in Java and other object-oriented languages for iTunes Store, focusing primarily on ingestion, analysis, and transformation of content. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience developing large-scale high transaction volume applications in Java Experience with large-scale server-side systems and service-oriented architectures In-depth experience with object-oriented design and programming Proficiency with relational data modeling and SQL. Exposure to NoSQL databases is a plus. Proficiency working with XML and/or JSON Familiarity with messaging, queuing, and workflow systems is a plus Ability to work with incomplete requirements, to interact directly with stakeholders, to thrive in cross-functional teams on critical projects, and to juggle multiple priorities Description From our roots revolutionizing the music industry, the iTunes Store has grown to encompass not only music, but also audiobooks, e-books, TV, movies, the iOS App Store, the Mac App Store, and more. All of this content requires a world-class, large-scale, automated content ingestion system and digital asset repository in order to be efficiently delivered from content providers and prepared for distribution to customers. Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. In particular, on this team, you will participate in designing and implementing support for ingestion, automated curation, and management of content to support customer-facing features of the iTunes Store. You will build APIs and services to vend content to customer-facing storefront applications, as well as other systems at Apple. We are looking for a self starting, energetic individual who is not afraid to question assumptions and with excellent written and oral skills. Besides purely technical aspects, ability to interact directly with the stakeholders, and deduce the technical requirements for a project based on fragmentary business input is very important. The candidate should have experience developing large-scale web-based applications using Java and other object-oriented languages. Familiarity with XML &amp; JSON technologies, database modeling skills, and object-relational mapping experience are also strongly desired. Experience with large data repositories and digital media formats for audio, video, and/or e-books is also helpful. The ability to be a good team player under tight deadline constraints in addition to ability to tackle problems with imaginative solutions is key to success in this position. This is a rare opportunity to join the iTunes Store Engineering team. In many ways, iTunes is the beating heart at the center of Apple’s product offerings. Very few teams have the breadth of involvement in Apple’s product pipeline across the board as that exercised by this team. Education BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements Aptitude to independently learn new technologies Strong written and oral communication skills Collaborative, team-oriented attitude 