 Web Analyst/Merchandising, WW Customer Insights - Apple Online Store Job Number: 83886350 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Online is one of the largest and most successful e-commerce businesses in the world. We represent the worldwide online presence of Apple’s influential technology leadership. The objectives of Apple Online are to provide an online shopping experience that is as unique, delightful and revolutionary as our products. Apple Online is seeking an experienced web analytics professional to join the Apple Online Customer Insights team and share in our commitment to innovative excellence. The successful candidate must have first-in-class experience tracking and analyzing online product merchandising effectiveness. The position will be located in Cupertino and will report to the Mgr-Web Analytics. The Web Analyst/Merchandising will be the primary online analytics resource for tracking and analyzing product merchandising events and strategies for Apple Online. In this role, he or she will work cross-functionally with client departments and other web specialists to conceive, prototype, socialize and execute delivery of business insights about online merchandising effectiveness. The primary measure of success will be the ability to synthesize and deliver well-focused and actionable analytics with clarity and speed. We are looking for candidates who can thrive in a dynamic business environment and enjoy working in a hands-on, intellectually rigorous, advanced analytics environment. Key Qualifications • 5+ years of e-commerce experience with special emphasis on expert interpretation of web visitor behavior based on clickstream and conversion history. • 3+ years experience leading analytics projects designed to track, analyze and report on e-commerce merchandising performance. • 2+ years experience working with large database systems, Teradata preferred. • Familiarity with the web visitor behavioral differences between American, European and Asian markets. • Familiarity with the differences between web visitors and app users in a retail environment. • Hands-on experience supporting managing web marketing or email marketing programs, especially SEM, SEO, affiliate networks and display with visitorclickstream data UX system analysis using tools such as ClickTale and Tealeaf. • Primary responsibility for investigating, extracting and translating data into business insights and communicating to business managers. • Documented ability to work effectively in a multi-functional team environment. • Experience and comfort with presenting findings verbally to groups. • Demonstrable ability to deliver clear and actionable data in person and through standard reporting tools. • Documented effective group participation skills in a worldwide cross-functional task force. • Documented ability to work effectively with technical stakeholders. • Expert capability in SQL or other coding tools for data filtering and aggregation. • Advanced experience using Adobe SiteCatalyst, Discover or Insight. • Advanced experience with web tracking technologies and systems. • Database experience with large, complex data marts. • Expert capability with data delivery and dashboarding tools: Excel, Tableau, Keynote, etc. • Experience in applying statistical and inferential methods to solve analytical problems. • Experience with data mining tools: R, SAS, etc. • Experience with common shell scripting tools: unix, python, apple script, Swift etc. Description • Work with various merchandising and online product management teams to refine the business critical metrics of online merchandising performance evaluation; develop specifications for regular performance reporting; deliver this reporting reliably and above expectation. • Proactively identify business opportunities to increase merchandising effectiveness performance; present findings and recommendations to business managers and team leaders. • Provide the management teams with systematic analysis and reporting of online customer behavior patterns associated with product identification, selection and purchase. • Integrate tools and methods to provide a comprehensive view of merchandising program effectiveness. • Create an analytical framework that enables an insightful understanding of the role of product impressions in evaluating effective merchandising placement. • Lead a process of data preparation and delivery that provides a rigorously reliable foundation for business planning. • Participate actively with the Web Analytics team in the roadmap for analysis improvement around the world: • Work with analytics partners to achieve step-function improvement in methods and tools. • Create special insight into the special analytics requirements of the merchandising teams. Education BS in statistics, computer science, mathematics, econometrics or other quantitative discipline. MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics or other quantitative discipline is strongly preferred. Additional Requirements • Experience working with large data resources in Teradata. • Experience with Machine Learning concepts and tools. 