 Software Engineering Solutions Manager - Customer Systems Job Number: 112979322 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 3-5 years of experience in managing engineering teams. Experience in Architecting ,designing and developing enterprise level back end solutions Experience with service oriented architecture , REST based services and orchestration of APIs for web-app / mobile clients 7 plus years of hands on experience in database design, development and support with Java based solutions. Experience with best practices for security and compliance Architect solutions that can scale to enterprise level requirements Intimate knowledge of open-source technologies and frameworks Familiar with caching and no-sql solutions is a Plus Experience in designing, building and managing APIs for enterprise (external) partners is a Plus Experience in Machine Learning and predictive analytics is a plus Description Join Apple's Service Management team as an Engineering Manager and inspire the team for engineering excellence of multiple highly scalable, fault tolerant, business critical, global applications. The group is looking for a motivated and detail-oriented engineering lead, who will be responsible for architecting, developing and running Apple’s Worldwide Service business .Opportunity to revolutionize the service business with emerging concepts like machine learning/predictive analytics. Candidate should motivate and manage high performing engineering resources across multiple products. The candidate’s skill will be a strong blend between Engineering expertise and aptitude towards solving complex business problems . Key Responsibilities: • Architecting and developing secure web applications and services using Java, Spring and JAX-* • Groom and build a strong engineering team for Service management applications • Analyzing use cases and requirements to design secure and scalable web applications • Collaborating with front-end engineers / shared services team to orchestrate/develop REST APIs for scalable user-friendly interfaces • Collaborating with data pipeline engineers to build integrations with big data technologies • Collaborating with cross-functional teams to design and implement complex enterprise solutions Education BS degree in computer science or equivalent field plus 12+ years software development experience or MS degree plus 8-10+ years software development experience, or equivalent 