 Software Engineering Author — Swift Job Number: 70816021 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Swift and Core Frameworks documentation team is seeking an experienced developer with stellar writing skills and a strong technical and programming background in Swift and the Cocoa/Cocoa Touch frameworks. This developer will write documentation and sample code to help developers worldwide make great apps on Apple platforms. Key Qualifications Ability to write clear, understandable prose Strong software design and analytical skills Demonstrated programming skills using Swift Experience in app development using Objective-C and Swift Ability to work effectively with engineers, editors, and designers Description As a software engineering author, you’ll write documentation, sample code, and interactive playgrounds to help developers understand how a technology works and to demonstrate best practices. You’ll also participate in new API development with various software engineering teams, and then craft plans of how to best communicate the results to the developer community. You’ll be required to figure out how new software technologies work by developing code, discussing design principles with other engineers, and analyzing engineering specifications. This role requires stellar communication, collaboration, and organization skills. The successful candidate is also highly motivated and proactive, detail-oriented, and has a passion for helping developers write apps that surprise and delight users. Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent knowledge and experience Additional Requirements The following are desirable, but not required: Experience using Git for software development Exposure to a diverse set of programming languages. Experience in one of the following areas: machine learning, networking, Core Data, iCloud, Core Bluetooth, file systems, security, programming languages and runtimes, mobile device management, or low-level programming. 