 Resource Manager Job Number: 113027913 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Resource Manager will partner with functional leads to drive the success of their business within Apple Marketing Communications (Marcom). This role is at the center of an extremely dynamic and demanding environment and will work closely with project managers and discipline leads to ensure: - assignment of sufficient and suitable resources to projects - balanced workloads and ability to adjust assignments as project timing shifts and / or new projects start - resolution of resource conflicts across a large group of creatives, developers, producers, or production staff. The Resource Manager will need to understand the complexity of how work gets done, have a deep understanding of the creative process, and possess impeccable communication and interpersonal skills. The role requires a high level of patience, diplomacy and fortitude and a strong voice in a fast-moving environment. Key Qualifications Establish strong rapport with members of the department you support, in addition to partnering with functional and operations leadership and / or key vendor contacts. Host weekly check-ins with key stakeholders to allow quick adjustments as the business shifts. Book team members to projects that match their skills and career aspirations, based on resource plans provided by the project management / producer team and input from functional leads Recognize areas for opportunity or improvement amongst creative team members. This includes understanding both skillsets and personalities of creative leads and their creative teams. Advocate the most well-suited teams for projects. Participate in the performance review process with 360 feedback of creative team members. Ensure that the teams assigned to projects have resources needed to concept effectively. Make certain that the teams are meeting the expectations of their functional lead. Monitor workload to ensure creative yet efficient execution of all projects. Balance workload across internal teams, freelancers and agency / vendor partners; identify potential instances of excessive or underutilization of talent and solve any potential issues; Manage outsourced agency and augmented staff allocations and assignments. Work with functional leads to manage and approve Out Of Office and Paid Time Off in order to provide consistent coverage. (FOR CREATIVE ONLY) Advise creative leads on chemistry / skill matches of creative (art director / writer) partnering. Help create a positive environment daily where creativity can flourish. Lead recurring status meetings with creative leads to discuss on all active projects plus potential upcoming projects and their staffing. Mediate cross-functional resourcing issues / conflict resolution with functional leads and Director, Resource Management. Leverage resources in other Apple geo offices as appropriate, coordinating assignments with the WW Operations team. Manage communications around any shifting resources. Stay familiar with the latest trends and work in the design and advertising industry Expertly assess the quality of creative / interactive / production portfolios and reels. Track freelance contacts through a shared candidate database. Proactively build on a pre-existing network of freelance contacts. Manage freelance and contract worker relationships. Collaborate with recruiting team re: on FTE and freelance recruiting needs. May source for freelance candidates or partner with recruiter on sourcing / recruiting. Ensure successful on-boarding / off-boarding of all employees (FTE, vendors and freelancers) for example badge and building access, seat location, buddy set-up, security briefings, paperwork submission, etc. Partner with producers / project managers to monitor milestones and track schedule/scope changes that could create resourcing gaps or affect workloads (schedule / scope / resources). Report and advise on resource plans, forecasts, freelance and outsourcing costs. Collaborate with Manager, Resource Management to support quarterly and fiscal year planning efforts by facilitating resource planning and associated budget management. Forecast future hiring and freelance needs based on roadmap. Work with Director, Resource Management to help shape resource management tools, systems and templates. Constantly strive to improve processes and workflow. Evangelize use of Planet through training and encouragement of project manager compliance to keep projects up to date and transparent to all stakeholders. Description Minimum of 8-15 years relevant experience in a creative or marketing organization Experience in a resource or project management role within a project-based strategic, creative or technical agency environment. Knowledge of digital processes and the creative process required. Experience in design, conceptual advertising, or interactive a plus. Experience working in a dynamic and fluid environment Solid understanding of project lifecycle and process: able to understand complex project requirements, understand briefs, and recognize potential risks and dependencies relevant to resourcing work Excellent communication and people management skills Thrives in a creative, fast-paced environment and works well under pressure Expert user of spreadsheet tools Education Bachelor’s degree required. Advanced degree and certifications in applicable fields a plus. 