 Display Module Engineer Job Number: 52845858 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 21, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking for a Display Module Engineer to lead the development and qualification activities to design and develop innovative Flat Panel Displays. Key Qualifications The candidate will need to have minimum 3 years of hands-on experience and proven track record in the design and development of Flat Panel Displays. •Demonstrated ability to perform AMLCD or AMOLED design &amp; validation is a must. •Experiences in developing and manufacturing high volume display products preferred. •Proven track of record in AMLCD or AMOLED panel design &amp; process in mainstream flat panel display industry. •In-depth knowledge of AMLCD TFT, LC cell design or AMOLED and production process. •Experience in working directly with mainstream AMLCD or AMOLED vendors is preferred. •Excellent project managements, written and verbal communication skills and people skills are required. Description Core Responsibilities: This individual will serve as a focal point among display system mechanical and EE team, display optical and EE team, supply management team and display vendors, managing all engineering activities necessary to deliver displays into final products from initial design concept. The individual will be responsible for the overall display module development acting as Direct Responsible Individual •Investigate up-to-date Flat Panel Display technologies and generate new approaches to further enhance display optical performances •Define and review the overall module optical architecture (AMLCD or AMOLED) &amp; performance requirements •Define &amp; implement rigorous validation plan for a total display optical performances •Work with system engineering team to understand system and validate display modules at system level •Work with project teams and supply base throughout product development phase and support the initial product ramp •Work with cross-functional team to do failure analysis on AMLCD / AMOLED defects / front of screen issues Education MS in Physics, Optics, EE or ME with minimum 3 years experience, or BS degree plus a minimum of 5 years experience. 