 Senior Data Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113003822 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking a highly skilled data engineer to join the Data Engineering team within Apple Media Products. AMP (home to Apple Music, App Store, iTunes and more) has some of the most compelling data in the world. We are looking for a talented engineer who is motivated by challenging problems and well versed with big data technologies. This is a unique opportunity to join a focused team and work collaboratively with other groups to make a significant impact. Key Qualifications Experience in high level programming languages such as Java, Scala, or Python. Proficiency with databases and SQL is required. Proficiency in data processing using technologies like Spark Streaming, Spark SQL, or Map/Reduce. Expertise in Hadoop related technologies such as HDFS, Azkaban, Oozie, Impala, Hive, and Pig. Expertise in developing big data pipelines using technologies like Kafka, Flume, or Storm. Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or analytic systems. Ability to work with analysts to gather requirements and translate them into data engineering tasks Aptitude to independently learn new technologies. Description As a member of the Data Engineering team, you will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping it’s future direction. This role is inherently cross functional and the ideal candidate will work across disciplines. We are looking for someone with a love for data and ability to iterate quickly on all stages of data pipeline. This position involves working on a small team to develop large scale data pipelines and analytical solutions using BigData technologies. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, as well as a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems. 