 WW Merchandising Planner Job Number: 113155399 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary iTunes retail is seeking a Worldwide Merchandising Planner to be responsible for coordinating strategic initiatives for the deployment of merchandising metrics, tools, POP, fixtures, fixture part and processes on a global basis where iTunes branded fixtures and merchandising are present. This position will be responsible for understanding in store merchandising and supply chain processes and developing solutions for improvement in efficiency and profit. Data analysis will be a key function in identifying opportunities for improvement as well as understanding of key processes. Key Qualifications Process project management skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities Must be creative, innovative, entrepreneurial, and flexible Ability to clearly communicate opportunities/information within iTunes corporate offices Demonstrated performance in process development and improvement Systems monitoring and deployment experience is preferred Leading cross functional teams for project deployment and process improvement Demonstrated performance in managing multiple third party companies Knowledge of working in multi-cultural environments is preferred Knowledge of international distribution and supply chain visibility is preferred Description Leading teams on tactical initiatives as agreed upon by regional and country management to ensure they meet long term iTunes goals. Accountable for transferring the tactical execution of strategic initiatives to targeted country or account specific teams. Take responsibility to influence, support, and implement discussions in order to effectively solve business opportunities. Coordinate and drive all in-store project traffic, status, and timeline management across key GEOs, working with the responsible Merchandising/Marketing Manager. Validate and update merchandising tool box performance by geography to maximize in store profit and velocity Coordinate systems and data across region in conjunction with global initiatives. Act as a liaison in development of road mapped systems and coordinate transitions with local resources. Coordinate Store X application, portal, and reporting dashboard. This will include the setup and maintenance of retailers specific surveys and trait profiles Coordinate data from third party merchandisers and act as a facilitator of information within iTunes corporate offices. Work to analyze process effectiveness and demonstrate efficiency opportunities. Provide understanding of differences and requirements across region and coordinate common process and system solutions Coordinate with dedicated 3rd Party Companies on application upgrades and enhancements. Understand Supply Chain trends and benchmark excellence – Innovate and utilize innovation accordingly Oversee the digital content audit program. Support reporting information for Demand Planning activities such as Planograms and Fixtures / Placements in stores. Education Bachelor's degree preferred Additional Requirements Strong Microsoft Excel and Keynote skills 25% Travel to visit new merchandising regions, on-boardings, and trainings +4 years of Merchandising System Management is required 