 Search Engineer Job Number: 45851455 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Ever wanted to work on information retrieval, core natural language processing and applied machine learning with special focus on the languages of the world? Be a part of Cloud Services Localization and contribute to some of the most challenging problems in NLP and machine learning applied to various languages. You will have a chance to work on and contribute to multiple Apple products and services using core NLP and ML behind the scenes including Siri, OS X/iOS SDKs, Maps, Spotlight search to name a few. Key Qualifications 3+ years practical experience in the following areas: Programming in one or more of Python, Java, C++ Distributed computing and clustering architectures, Hadoop/MapReduce Working independently and collaborating in small teams to deliver production infrastructure Description Apple is looking for a highly motivated software developer with background in language technologies, text mining, information retrieval and language modeling. This position gives you an opportunity to apply your problem solving skills to challenging problems in information retrieval and natural language processing across different languages. Core job responsibilities include: - Apply knowledge data mining, natural language processing algorithms and machine learning for development of key iOS and OS X features. - Develop tools, processes and metrics to help build high quality search pipeline. - Develop core technologies required for search that can be scaled for various languages. - Bring creative ideas for existing and future Apple products/services and leverage the power of large amount of data to solve complex problems. - Work with teams across Apple to adopt their frameworks and technologies whenever appropriate and contribute back whenever necessary. - Design, develop and deploy software solutions that impacts millions of Apple customers. Additional preferred qualifications: - Practical expertise in various disciplines of information retrieval, machine learning and natural language processing, such as text mining, classification, information extraction, clustering, feature engineering, topic modeling and ranking and search relevance - Experience with Natural Language Processing and Machine learning especially applied to multiple languages - Native equivalent in Japanese Education - MS/PhD in CS/Electrical/Mathematics or related field with specialization in Information retrieval, natural language processing and/or machine learning 