 Sr. Software Engineer, iOS Systems Job Number: 113192609 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple's iOS Systems team as a Senior Software Engineer to build innovative applications and custom solutions that serve all Apple Employees. As member of the technical leadership team, you will play a critical role in shaping new systems architecture and technical direction for the iOS Systems organization. Key Qualifications Extensive experience in enterprise systems, software design and development; Working knowledge of the full SW development lifecycle Deep understanding of Object Oriented and SOA design concepts; Current experience developing and delivering RESTful application services and APIs from a Java based platform. Able to analyze business requirements and architect efficient solutions Hands-on experience with J2EE, Eclipse, Xcode, UNIX, SCM, UML, and object-oriented development methodologies Strong knowledge of concurrency, scalability and fault tolerant designs Solid understanding of data modeling and database systems including Oracle, mySQL, NOSQL, etc. Well versed with the use of XML, JSON and REST services Solid knowledge of applications performance improvement techniques and caching solutions Experience building web-based applications and services using web tools and technologies including HTML, Ajax, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Working knowledge of source control software (SVN or Git) Experience with build and deployment tools, e.g., Maven, Gradle Description The iOS Systems team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to drive our application services and API technology. This is a hands-on role in the development of software systems to support existing and new product features. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and results-oriented person who enjoys working with cross-functional teams. In this position your vision will lead us into a solution that will address service architecture for an enterprise wide services solution for defect and issue tracking. You will make critical architectural decisions affecting application design. You will recommend and deploy tools and processes to enable rapid application design, development, testing and deployment. Requirements: • 5+ years of experience in designing and developing large-scale applications using Java and Java EE technologies • In-depth knowledge of Object Oriented Design and Core Java • In-depth knowledge of technologies such as Web Services, XML, JSON, HTTP, SSL, TCP/IP, Caching • Experience with Data Modeling, relational databases and NoSQL • Experience with Agile Development • Demonstrated expertise in multi-tiered application development, and familiarity with developing large scale and volume based applications • Familiar with OS X, Linux, Shell Scripts • Knowledge in Secure coding Education BS degree in computer science or equivalent field plus 8+ years experience or MS/PhD degree plus 2+ years experience, or equivalent. 