 Engineering Project Manager - Strategic Data Solutions Job Number: 113118416 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Strategic Data Solutions leads the anti-fraud center of excellence for Apple across varied lines of business. We are looking for an experienced Engineering Project Manager (EPM), ready to take on a challenge and have a big impact on the company. The EPM leads internal and external anti-fraud projects within the anti-fraud group at Apple. The EPM is the driver of technical projects that impact fraud exposure; they demonstrate a keen understanding of both business value, systems capabilities and fraud risk. The EPM must have a holistic vision of fraud that balances factors such as customer experience, cost, resources, systems and risk. In addressing fraud risk, the EPM must also balance potential technology advancements/limitations, with process improvements. The EPM coordinates project management activities and communications between internal/external fraud partners, operations teams, IT, internal audit, finance, and corporate security as necessary to run projects. The EPM must communicate effectively value vs. risk tradeoffs in support of strategic decisions. Key Qualifications 5+ years of project management Experience working with Machine Learning CS Degree and/or software development experience preferred. Technical Experience working in Software Engineering Knowledge of technical project management best practices Knowledge of industry best practices in fraud management Proven experience managing large cross functional technical projects Detail oriented Proven change driver Strong leadership skills Strong presentation skills Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills Strong team player with significant collaborative work experience Description Skilled at meeting preparation, facilitation, documentation and follow up. Work with internal and external teams to understand requirements, approach and solution. Comfortable moving between waterfall and agile methodologies adapting style to the requirements of the project. Develop, maintain, and execute project plans and integrated schedules for fraud analytic projects. Responsible to create, execute, and update the project plan and schedules/sprints. Provide project leadership to manage the full development lifecycle from product inception to product release. Distribute workload for project members on multiple projects to ensure resources are tasked appropriately. Prioritize bugs, enhancements and tasks for the project team members; identifying and ensuring dependencies and deliverables are met. Provide status reports and deliver presentations to leadership and project stakeholders. Organize and drive escalations and issues to resolution. Daily activities include: planning project activities for the project team prioritizing work in the pipeline to be completed for resources allocated. leading and facilitating meetings tracking tasks, enhancements and bugs for engineers. leading UAT Sessions writing use cases and test scripts participating in quality assurance testing of features and functions communicating project metrics, risks, and contingencies delivering key business updates back to executive teams The ideal candidate has over 5 years of experience in project management ideally in a technical cross-functional role. They have had personal experience performing in a software development roll. Having experience working with Data Scientists and on machine learning projects is a large plus. Education Bachelor's / Masters degree in Computer Science preferred 