 Photonic Device Scientist - Exploratory Design Group Job Number: 113047355 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this role, you will work within an Optical Science team, collaborating with a highly multi-disciplinary group, to develop and demonstrate new photonic sensor concepts. You will take advantage of your technical breadth as well as your depth of experience with optical systems. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 4+ total years of experience with photonic device physics, including significant experience with silicon photonics, plus most of the following: - Excellent grasp of optical physics fundamentals. - Experience with simulation of integrated optical active and passive components at both component and circuit level, including FDTD, waveguide mode solvers, and scatter matrix. - Experience constructing and validating models of optical devices, based on first principles and empirical data. - Strong programming ability with Matlab, Python, or similar language. - Good understanding of a variety of optical measurement techniques, with hands-on experience characterizing optical devices. - Excellent communication and presentation skills. - Ability to work well in a team environment. Description As a Photonic Device Scientist, you will have the following responsibilities: •Work with the System Engineering team to invent, implement and test optical sensor concepts. •Conduct first-principles numerical simulations of optical devices and systems. •Identify causal relationships between observed system-level performance and specific device-level parameters. •Write specifications for custom optical devices, based on a combination of modeling and interpretation of empirical data. •Work with external vendors to fabricate custom optical devices meeting our system-level requirements. •Work with the team to test and validate fabricated devices. Education Masters degree or PhD in Physics, Applied Physics, Optics, EE, or related field is required. 