 Product Design Engineering Program Manager, Technology Development Group Job Number: 99790545 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Technology Development Group is working on exciting new technologies and user experiences. We are looking for an experienced and ambitious program manager, specializing in managing, prioritizing and executing day-to-day activities to meet the overall project objectives of the Product Design team. As a member of our PD team, you will have a unique and rewarding opportunity to work at the intersection of design and technology, leading upcoming programs to create products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. Key Qualifications 2+ years of combined experience in project management and mechanical/electrical engineering delivering products comprised of multiple materials and having high aesthetic quality Excellent communication, teamwork, and cross-functional engagement skills are critical Detailed knowledge of product development processes including basic understanding of manufacturing processes and timelines Ability to anticipate functional direction and roadblocks, prioritize parallel closure paths, and effectively distill and communicate relevant data to the appropriate functional teams, including leadership Self-motivated and dedicated with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Flexibility with ability to evolve and adapt well with rapid development cycles; can stay focused and set direction when faced with ambiguity Experience working with Product Design, Industrial Design, Operations, and System Architecture Striving for ownership and leadership within the Product Design team, measuring success by the overall team’s success Passionate about and inspired by Apple's mission and products Description You will own daily activities to rapidly prototype and design new customer experiences involving sensor input, mechanical design, and new hardware. You will create and maintain streamlined project schedules by redirecting pitfalls and developing an improved course of action. You will collaborate and facilitate communication across engineering DRIs, operations, design teams, and our OEM/development vendors to meet ambitious cost, schedule, and quality goals. You will lead cross-functional communication between project teams and external vendors. You will offer multiple levels of status updates across a wide spectrum of individual contributors to executive management. You possess strong presentation skills. You understand technical issues and drive them to closure by bringing together key partners for decision-making. Education BSEE/ME degree or equivalent. MS degree preferred 