 Senior UX/UI Engineer Job Number: 83942020 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Come join Hardware Engineering’s Tools’ Team working on exciting internal web apps! We are looking for an imaginative, driven, and enthusiastic UX/UI Design Engineer to help us create internal products that blend ease of use with powerful feature sets all with an unsurpassed attention to detail. Candidates must have multiple years of UX and UI experience and a deep appreciation for and ability to create simple solutions to complex problems. Education •Degree in design, visual arts, communication, creative or equivalent experience •Background in painting and/or illustration highly desirable •5 years’ experience designing web, desktop, or mobile applications •Expert knowledge of user-centered design principles •Complete fluency of Web, and knowledge designing for iOS and macOS. Key Qualifications The Must-Haves: Excellent written and verbal communication skills An outstanding body of work demonstrating the successful delivery of innovative interface design solutions for web, desktop applications and/or mobile devices. Expert knowledge of user-centered design principles Well-versed in fundamental visual and interactive design disciplines and principals. An exceptional eye for pixel-perfect detail. Deep understanding of Apple’s human interface design language and of the macOS, iOS and Web platforms. HTML5, CSS, Sass experience. Ability to work collaboratively with our offshore team of interface designers, software engineers and quality engineers, to conceive, develop and present brilliant interactions and elegant experiences. Past experience in the ability to matrix manage projects by configuring, tracking, reporting and delivering project initiatives as planned. Fluent in English and a plus if you speak Portuguese or Spanish. The Nice-to-Haves: jQuery and JavaScript Description The ideal candidate is a brilliant problem solver, quick study, resourceful self-starter, and excellent communicator with a passion for great design and the ability to achieve it. The candidate possesses that rare blend of interaction design, visual design, and prototyping skills with the innate ability to deliver designs on time for our engineering pipeline. In addition, this role will require a candidate to cheerfully and persistently meet with users to validate design decisions and gather requirements. From brainstorming through implementation, the UX/UI Design Engineer will work with members of the Tools Team, as well as our division’s engineering, program management and executive sponsors. They must have a passion for creating designs that are simple, elegant and useful as well as beautiful, approachable and playful. Must also possess a relentless attention to detail and an uncommon eye for aesthetic taste and quality. The UX/UI Design Engineer is a key player in determining the future design direction of Apple’s Hardware Engineering Tools and Data Analytics Team’s internal Web, macOS and iOS applications. We are looking for a visionary designer who is ready to, and capable of, taking software design to the next level with a positive impact to a broad internal user base. This role requires experience in project management, navigating the design workload, user studies and on-going enhancements for new and existing applications. Additionally, a person adept in listening and influencing across many organizations within Apple and working in a matrix-configured environment are critical for success. Additional Requirements Demonstrable mastery of Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, or other design tools Ability to do rapid prototyping in HTML, Balsamiq, Keynote, Axure or Graffle Excellent collaborative skills Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules Highly organized and motivated with a deep desire to prove themselves within a company of talented individuals. Ability to work independently, managing own schedule in fast-paced, multi-project environment. Portfolio or Dribble account, demonstrating examples of work of the Must-Have items listed above 