 Engineering Program Manager - Power Technology Job Number: 57607984 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a Power Technology Engineering Program Manager, you will be responsible for managing the technology definition, design, integration, and launch world-renowned Apple products. In addition, you will utilize your Program/Project management skills and have significant responsibilities for driving program schedules and resolving technical issues that enable on-time system delivery. This is an individual contributor role, helping manage the technology development process for Apple products. Role encompasses interfacing with Architecture &amp; System design teams, driving full Product life cycle as well as managing vendors who deliver strategic solutions. The Power Technology team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people and cutting edge technologies. Engineering excellence is expected and encouraged. Come join us in crafting solutions the world doesn’t know of yet! Key Qualifications 5+ years of related technical background (e.g. hardware development) with knowledge of Power Electronics and Systems including AC-DC &amp; DC-DC converters a plus. Ideally 5+ years of experience in Technical Program or Project Management Excellent communication, organizational and leadership skills Ability to filter and distill relevant information for the right audience Self motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Great leadership skills and ability to inspire team members Understands and deals well with rapid development cycles; remains flexible and calm in the face of uncertainty Teamwork: the candidate must be able to fit in well with a team, understand capabilities and priorities while fostering a collaborative environment Limited international travel may be required Description Managing power system product development from architecture to production by leading cross functional teams, defining the program plan/schedule, managing program execution and builds by working with internal operations team and external vendors. Drive internal program process to guarantee high quality definition and design execution. Effectively and consistently communicate overall program status and escalations to cross functional team members and management team. Understanding and unblocking technical issues by pulling together the right cross-functional technical expert(s) to resolve the issue with data driven decision making. Manage development budgets and engineering builds Drive technical sessions with suppliers/design partners to track &amp; follow up issues/escalations. Disciplined issue reporting, bug tracking, and communication of program risks &amp; status. Identify and resolve conflicts, inter-dependencies and program issues quickly and efficiently Improve the system: look for patterns, offer best practices and implement change Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent industry experience in a related discipline (e.g. EE, ME, etc.) required. 