 IMG Pre-Silicon Media Engineer Job Number: 57275849 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Interactive Media Group (IMG) provides the media and graphics foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, AppleTV, Apple Watch, iPad, iPod, and Mac, as well as professional and consumer applications from Final Cut to iTunes and iWork. IMG takes the media experience to the next level on the iOS, tvOS, watchOS, macOS and Windows platforms with technologies such as AVFoundation, CoreMedia, CoreAudio and CoreAnimation. The CoreMedia engineering team within IMG is responsible for implementing software services around linear audiovisual media. This includes local media playback, video-on-demand and live streaming of multimedia content. Our media engine is used across Apple products such as Safari, iTunes, Photos, Music, TV, iMovie, as well as 3rd party applications, on all our platforms. Our team is looking for a senior software engineer with a strong technical and programming background. Extensive experience in design and architecture of software multimedia systems is desired. Working knowledge of computer architecture is required. The ideal candidate is experienced with the data flow of compressed and uncompressed video in a multimedia computer system. Ability to evaluate impact of silicon design choices on multimedia software architecture is essential. Experience building and maintaining drivers for multimedia-related silicon blocks is a plus. Experience with media playback and encoding systems is needed. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience working in a large software development organization Strong coding skills in C with ARM on embedded platforms Experience designing and/or architecting large software systems Proven delivery of significant Audio/Video components of a media software system Experience with and understanding of real-time multithreaded programming systems Working knowledge of computer architecture Ability to evaluate impact of silicon design choices on multimedia software architecture Excellent verbal and written communication skills Description The successful candidate for this role is a team-oriented professional with excellent communication skills and is comfortable in a fast-paced environment. The candidate needs to be self-driven to be effective in an environment with little overhead. The ideal candidate has experience in systems-level programming, a solid understanding of multimedia computer systems. The role involves coordinating between silicon design teams and multimedia software teams, and will require skills for facilitating communication between silicon engineering and software engineering disciplines. System level software design experience is also essential. Education M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent domain experience Additional Requirements Experience with multimedia formats, transports, and processing engines 