 Help shape the future of www.apple.com Job Number: 113092684 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is your opportunity to do something extraordinary. Do you like the idea of running a global service that is used by hundreds of millions of passionate people around the world? Do you enjoy working in an environment that challenges you? Do you like to turn ideas into reality? Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 3+ years supporting hosted services in a high-volume customer-facing environment Demonstrated ability to write and debug programs using programming language like: C, C++, Objective-C, Python or Java Experience with DevOps tools, processes and culture Experience with relational and No-SQL databases Background building and running distributed infrastructure supporting a high volume of transactions Very strong networking skills, especially TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS and load balancers Experience supporting mission-critical systems Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively across multiple business and technical teams Demonstrated ability to deliver results on time with high quality Responsibilities will include: • Building software and systems to manage infrastructure and applications through automation • Deployment, support and monitoring of new platforms and application stacks • Measurement and optimization of system performance • Capacity planning and management • Explore and evaluate new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward • Anticipate our customers’ needs - drive the change Description We are looking to hire passionate individuals to join our team of Site Reliability Engineers managing http://www.apple.com. Build and run the platform that delivers Apple’s front door to all of its customers around the world. Focus on automating every single aspect of the operation. Learn from a focussed team of experienced engineers. Develop new ideas, challenge the status quo, and challenge yourself. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 