 Build &amp; Integration Engineer - Machine Learning Job Number: 70815007 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you interested in designing continuous integration pipelines? Would you like to contribute to building the backbone infrastructure supporting machine learning and big data efforts at Apple? The Core Recognition team is looking for a passionate build &amp; integration engineer to help support key features within iOS, macOS, and watchOS. Key Qualifications 3+ years of software development and system integration experience Highly competent with version control systems, including git Familiarity with Mac and/or Unix development and debugging tools Familiarity with remote administration of Unix systems Experience with big data management and database systems Proficiency with shell scripting and within command line tool environments Experience with Jenkins or similar tools Effective C and Python programming skills Excellent teamwork and communication skills Detail-oriented and able to self-prioritize Description The Core Recognition team is responsible for delivering machine learning solutions for computer vision and handwriting recognition products within iOS, macOS, and watchOS. We build magical experiences that require meticulous data management, robust tools and fast iterations on software builds. As the scope of our projects continue to grow, we need a brilliant build &amp; integration engineer to help streamline and fuel our future development. We are looking for a talented software engineer with experience in continuous integration, build systems, and data management. A successful candidate for this role must be a team-oriented engineer with excellent communication skills and the ability to deliver novel and scalable data management and build solutions in support of a growing team of machine learning experts developing next generation software solutions. Education BS/MSEE in Computer Science or related field. Additional Requirements • Experience with iOS and macOS development in Objective-C is a plus. • Experience with LLVM, Xcode or gnu make is a plus. 