 Sr Systems Engineer Job Number: 112973668 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Engineering Computer Services (ECS) organization is responsible for maintaining a high quality and productive environment for Apple's Hardware Engineering groups. We directly support the Engineers by providing: high performance computing resources, storage systems, web and file collaboration services, tools, licenses, databases, and workflow optimization. We are looking for a highly motivated Systems Administrator to join our team. A successful candidate will be a generalist, having good experience managing critical servers, services and an interactive Linux environment. You should be comfortable working with Linux server environments attached to enterprise class storage. Exposure to performance troubleshooting, automation, and CAD tools is highly desirable. Key Qualifications 5+ years in Linux Systems Administration role in a large environment required. Candidate will possess strong knowledge of Linux systems and internals (CentOS/Ubuntu preferred), with a good understanding of networking and related protocols. Ability to program in at least one scripting language in addition to Bash (Python/Perl/PHP/Ruby). Experience troubleshooting large scale production problems in a team environment. Experience in designing and supporting a multiple PB NAS/SAN storage environment. Working knowledge of GPFS and NetApp Ontap preferred. Familiar and comfortable with the following: Apache, DB (MySQL or Postgres), SNMP, dtrace/strace and network analysis tools. Experience in creating software/scripts to automate production systems with one of the following languages: python, perl, ruby, C/C++, etc. Strong experience with Kickstart, PXE, DHCP, DNS, Configuration management, monitoring tools (ie: Puppet, Nagios, Cacti, Graphite, etc). Linux package management. Proficiency with source control, continuous integration and testing methods (svn, git). Knowledge of load balancers and Layer 7 traffic routing via NetScalers, F5, or equivalent. Experience with Puppet or other configuration management system. Additionally, a working knowledge of Hadoop (Map Reduce, HDFS, HBase) preferred. Experience working with larger international organizations preferred. Description This position will be directly supporting R&amp;D engineering. The ideal candidate is expected to meet tight project deadlines, excel under pressure, work well with others, be self-motivated, and be able to manage short and long term projects. Responsibilities includes storage, networking, server administration and tool troubleshooting. Education Bachelor's Degree in a technical discipline, Computer Science or Computer Engineering preferred, or equivalent work experience. 