 Software Engineer, Spotlight Job Number: 84004762 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Spotlight team is looking for an excellent software engineer to join our team. Spotlight revolutionized the way that people organize data on the Desktop, and we're only getting started! This is a high visibility, high impact position. As an engineer on Spotlight team, you will be working at all levels of the macOS: from low-level algorithm work and framework development to result ranking and machine learning. Spotlight is constantly evolving as we continue to improve the user experience, and provide services for other teams to build on. Key Qualifications Strong programming skills, preferably with Objective-C, C, C++ Excellent communication and collaborative skills Comfortable with large code bases, fast-paced environments, and tight schedules Description The ideal candidate is a self-motivated individual with strong technical and communication skills who is eager to interact with other members of the Spotlight team, and other teams at Apple. Experience developing an iOS or macOS application of significant scope from end to end would be a great advantage. An interest in data structures and algorithms will be a success factor. Previous experience with multithreaded applications is desired. To provide an exceptional experience, we work closely with the framework, kernel and file system teams, as well as high level teams such as Safari, Messages and Mail; solid collaborative skills are a must. In this position you will be expected to: Participate in all stages of software development, from new feature design and implementation, to maintenance of prior releases. Support API and SPI clients Diagnose and resolve customer-reported issues. Develop test suites and internal infrastructure. Desired Experience: MS CS/CE or equivalent Industry experience (iOS/OS X preferred) Experience supporting framework clients Knowledge of file system APIs, posix threading, and virtual memory Education BS CS/CE or equivalent 