 Product Manager - GBI Job Number: 113086786 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 9, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Global Business Intelligence group focuses on deploying critical business intelligence solutions for all business areas, and has an immediate opening for a Product Manager, who will be responsible for managing a portfolio of tools that enable Finance to do world class reporting. The role of the Product Manager is to plan, execute, and finalize projects according to project plan key milestones and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of the team members, including GBI Technical resources assigned to the project and in some cases other IS&amp;T systems partners. The Product Manager will also define the product’s objectives and oversee quality control throughout its life cycle. This includes direct interaction with key business customers and ownership of multiple strategic and high visibility initiatives aimed at improving Apple’s reporting strategy while addressing our constantly changing business needs and maintaining the integrity of for all geographic regions within Apple. Key Qualifications 8+ years of experience in DataWarehouse/Business Intelligence space with strong user interface design Highly analytical with proven track record in data-rich analysis This position requires the Product Manager to be hands on and have a deep understanding of technology. Must have proven skill in understanding data in a complex enterprise system landscape and data flow. In depth experience in an SAP or equivalent ERP package environment and detailed understanding of hierarchies, hierarchy management, reporting systems, strategic processes is preferred. Must have proven track record in master data governance and data stewardship that ensured Data Quality and synchronization in Enterprise Data Warehouses Must have demonstrated experience managing impactful programs independently Ability to efficiently manage and implement quick-turnaround, tactical projects as a team player Follows through with commitments and fosters mutual trust with fellow Innovators Ability to explain analytical outcomes and technical roadblocks in business terms Skilled at developing and exercising cross-functional influence, translating between business owners and technical teams Outstanding written, verbal, and presentation skills Demonstrated experience of collaboration in fast paced environment with minimal guidance. Proactive, results-oriented attitude Ability to generate options and create a positive working experience in fairly stressful business situations Ability to identify solution fit across variety of databases and UI development tools options preferred. Description The position offers the opportunity to influence our global analytical environment by managing key reporting areas for Finance and championing a robust reporting roadmap that continues to push the boundaries of reporting. Candidate should have extensive experience in the Business Intelligence area with strong proficiency in reporting/analytics tools and delivering quality data management solutions to support our changing business environment. Strong familiarity of the BI industry, vendors, and products is important. Some other responsibilities of the role include, but are not limited to: •Collaborating with end users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and delivery. •Overseeing the ongoing development and operations enterprise data warehouse and UI solutions •Collaborating with development team to build data visualization and UI which "wow" the customers •Improving and streamlining processes regarding data flow and data quality to improve data accuracy, viability and value. •Overseeing the ongoing development and operations of a business intelligence architecture that enables fact-based decision making and ad hoc analysis and insight generation. •Staying current with industry trends and advising and educating management on their relative importance and impact. •The ability to balance between data needs and requirements for action. •Strong leadership skills with a proactive participative style. •An ability to work well and productively, always projecting a positive outlook in a fast-paced, sometimes stressful environment. Education BS Degree in Computer Science, IT, Business management or equivalent Additional Requirements *Desired but not required* Finance background, familiarity and understanding of financial processes and Compliance initiatives. 