 Computer Vision &amp; Machine Learning R&amp;D Engineer - Advanced Computation Job Number: 47466430 Portland, Oregon, United States Posted: Oct. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Advanced Computation Group (ACG) is seeking an experienced and talented computer vision and machine learning R&amp;D engineer to join their team in Portland. The ACG performs both exploratory and targeted algorithms research and development in a dynamic small team environment. The position involves core and applied machine learning research focused on both algorithm development and integration. As a researcher and software R&amp;D engineer you will develop cutting-edge machine learning algorithms to enable current and future Apple products and services. Key Qualifications Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Strong machine learning background, with hands-on experience in building real systems. Strong background in mathematics and/or statistics is highly desirable. Demonstrated ability in both research and development. Experience integrating machine learning algorithms into applications. Strong C and C++ coding skills. Strong command-line proficiency (posix tools, scripting, git) Experience in signal processing, computer vision, and other related applied engineering fields a plus. Proficiency and experience in these languages are highly desirable: Python, Matlab, Objective-C, Swift, GPGPU (Cuda/OpenCL/Metal) macOS and/or iOS development experience a plus. Ability to work hands-on in cross-functional teams with a strong sense of self-direction. Description The Advanced Computational Group in Portland is seeking an accomplished machine learning expert with a strong development background, who is self motivated and passionate about his or her work. The ideal candidate will have deep expertise in at least one machine learning specialization and broad knowledge of the wider field. In addition, the candidate must be a capable C/C++ programmer with demonstrable experience designing, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions via complete performant implementations. To this extent, showing an existing body of work is highly desirable, e.g., point us at your GitHub repository if you have one. The candidate should possess a demonstrable interest in staying up to date on new developments in machine learning, and be able to apply that knowledge to challenging problems across multiple domains. Education M.S., Ph.D., or commensurate experience in Computer Science or a related field (Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or Electrical and/or Computer engineering) with a strong focus on machine learning. 