 Test Engineer Lead Job Number: 85983523 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We have exciting new opportunities in our core growth business (iPhone and others) for test engineers who are strong leaders with development skills. The successful candidate will be based in the Cupertino area and will lead the development of new test systems (both hardware and software.) Key Qualifications Technical 5+ years of technical work experience in both test engineering and a high volume manufacturing environment. (Experience with multiple types of mobile phone and computer modules (camera, display, touch, etc) technology is desirable.) Excellent understanding of electronic assembly processes. Excellent understanding of system architectures for phone and computer product and product test. Knowledgeable in production control processes, data analysis/interpretation GR&amp;R, Cp/Cpk and correlation analysis. Nice to have C and C++ programming, Unix programming and scripting languages background. Business Knowledge of supplier management. Exposure to supplier negotiations and cost analysis. Experience working with equipment suppliers and contract manufacturing firms. Excellent data analysis and solid statistical skills. Leadership Successful experience as a technical project leader, especially in a high volume consumer electronics environment. Excellent oral and written communication skills in English. (Other languages are desirable as well.) Flexibility and comfort working in a fast paced, dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. Demonstrated ability to work independently while making sound technical / business judements. Ability to travel to international manufacturing sites as required. Dynamic and “can do” attitude. Humble. Graceful under fire. Description Develop test strategies and programs to meet business objectives. (Typical objectives include test coverage, yield, cost, cycle time, space, labor, schedule.) Lead a team of test engineers (HW &amp; SW) to define and implement electronic test solutions. (Responsibility extends from product concept through launch into high volume mass production.) Solve technical problems when team needs support. Serve as a mentor to other engineers. Implement test solutions in a high volume manufacturing environment. Develop and get buy-in on project plans and project concepts. Present weekly program status updates to internal teams, including the executive team. Communicate frequently with many different cross-functional teams. (Typical teams include operations, NPI, business management, GSM, development engineering, service engineering, external equipment suppliers and contract manufacturing service firms.) Participate in product failure analysis and warranty claims analysis. Contribute to efforts to standardize and optimize test performance across the product line. Develop and refine design process methodology with peers and management team. (Includes all the basics design / process, cost, FMEA reviews, etc.) Education BS or MS degree in engineering, science or computer science or equivalent experience. Additional Requirements 25% - 30% International Travel 