 Sensor SW User Study Engineering Program Manager Job Number: 70943722 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 8, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Interested in influencing the way the world uses Apple products while exploring technologies that drive future technologies? The Sensor Software and Prototyping team at Apple is looking for a world class Program Manager to join our growing team to lead and drive internal and external user study and prototyping research related efforts. This candidate ideally has a strong background in Technical Account Management and experience driving external vendors while coordinating between Apple internal hardware and software teams. Exceptional communication skills are a must and the ability to handle complex cross functional team coordination is essential. Key Qualifications Required: Understands and deals well with rapid development cycles; remains flexible and calm in the face of uncertainty Excellent communication, organizational and leadership skills; and detailed oriented mindset Experience working with Hardware and Software teams, driving contract negotiations, and troubleshooting legal hurdles. Self motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Experienced in driving vendor negotiations, procurement and project execution Well-versed in agile project management methodologies. Desired: Technical knowledge of firmware and embedded systems, especially focused on consumer products. Experience driving incubation studies with a focus on prototype hardware and software. Knowledge of user-centered design principles Description Collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive appropriate research and prototyping opportunities in a fast-paced agile environment Drive user study related requirements (e.g. identify and recruit user study participants, security and legal compliance, logistics, etc.), decision making and integrity around user study efforts Identify and highlight technical risk areas and mitigation strategies in partnership with Apple technologists. Cross-functionally track and communicate the key developments and updates on projects. Synthesize large amounts of data into concise written and verbal analyses that provide key learnings, recommendations and actionable items Create schedule, identify critical path, and track program plan throughout execution. Education Bachelors or higher degree in Electrical Engineering/Computer Science or related technical field 