 Sr Project Manager for Sales Training Job Number: 57266825 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 8, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The WW Sales Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) team is responsible for delivering solutions that support the overall Channel Sales strategy at Apple. These solutions are typically new technical capabilities and/or business processes, which impact the effectiveness of Apple’s Sales and Sales Operations teams. We are seeking an experienced Business Analyst / Project Manager to work on projects supporting our channel sales training &amp; communication team, delivering solutions that reach the approximately 2.2 million people involved in the sales of Apple products worldwide. As the successful candidate you will have several years experience as a senior business analyst, ideally within a consumer channel sales environment. This role requires you to deeply understand the supported channel business processes and propose solutions beyond what has been requested by the supported business teams. In this role you will be the thought leader in developing certain channel sales solutions and will gather, analyze and synthesize business requirements across multiple regions to support these, producing the highest standards of requirements and process documentation. It is essential that you think strategically and identify key integration points with other projects. You will set the highest standard in terms of quality of tools and overall experience for your business users. The successful candidate will be a self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, matrixed, fast-paced environment. Excellent project management skills are a must. Key Qualifications Strong understanding of sales and sales operations processes in a consumer channel sales environment (or similar). Minimum 6 years managing complex, highly integrated projects. The ability to convert strategy into action with a solid understanding of project management approaches, tools and phases of the project lifecycle An understanding of the components and considerations required when building corporate systems (e.g. key architecture components, security, scalability etc.) Excellent skills for data analysis in support of requirements gathering and troubleshooting /problem solving. Technical acumen required to effectively discuss, strategize, write scripts, and trouble shoot technical issues. Experience with modeling business processes and data models etc. Analytical capabilities needed to synthesize large amounts of data into a clear story and/or assess business process improvement opportunities. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate at all organizational levels. Experience in facilitating business requirements workshops. Collaborative, flexible and open working style, with an ability to quickly establish trust and credibility. Excellent teamwork skills and ability to influence others. Strong level of customer focus. High level of professionalism, energy and sense of urgency to “make things happen”. High level of proficiency creating high impact presentations using Keynote (or MS PowerPoint ) to clearly articulate reporting concepts and solutions. Description Scope and manage requirements process for assigned initiatives, including business workshop facilitation and roadmap development. This will involve working with both regional BPR (Business Process Re-engineering leads) and key business stakeholders in head office and the regions. Establish credibility with business as a trusted advisor by listening, understanding their business and quickly providing options for consideration. Effectively lead discussions with various stakeholders and intelligently ask the questions that get to the real needs of the business, asking the “whys” and not just taking requirements at face value. Engage with colleagues across the sales BPR team to identify system integration points and dependencies, and develop high level solution proposals for these integrations. Includes identifying and scoping master data, reporting , access and provisioning requirements. Define and document requirements to the highest standard including business architecture diagrams, use case definitions and as-is/to-be process definitions. Engage with IS&amp;T partner team to facilitate clarifications during design and development. Manage UAT communications for the multiple projects, example detailed schedule and deliverables, across global stakeholders, subject matter experts, executives and other internal groups, including regular project meetings, email updates and management of project wiki. Develop and maintain key UAT documentation to ensure the proper amount of structure is applied to enable project success (ie UAT Test Scenarios and Scripts, UAT Planning, etc) Build and maintain modular, end-to end and regression script libraries for projects that can be leveraged for testing scalability Partner with IS&amp;T to create test accounts Participate in technical and functional design meetings to ensure requirements are clearly defined and testable Partner with business &amp; colleagues to identify and write test scenarios, test cases and scripts. Able to write test scenarios, test cases, and scripts as needed. This includes modular, End-to-End and Cross Functional Scripts, etc. Ensure the existence and proper data set up of development and test environment Responsible for the management and execution of detailed test plans to verify software functionality and adherence to business requirements (traceability) Responsible for test project status reporting, defect tracking and risk assessments Coordinates with assigned IT, Project Manager, Business Analysts, Operations, Product Support and Development members to deliver a solid platform, including data, for the business users to conduct UAT Manage the Go Live &amp; Production triage process after Go Live. Work within either agile or waterfall style reporting projects under direction of project manager or program lead. Effectively manage stakeholders, subject matter experts, executives and other internal groups through effective written and verbal communication. Manage change. Working side by side with your PM you must implement new ideas effectively within the Apple culture. Influence decisions and change management through collaboration, leadership and a customer-focused approach. Work closely with the sales and sales operations business teams to become a functional expert in key channel sales processes and related solutions needs. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent PMI/PMP certification preferred Additional Requirements Demonstrated ability to deliver medium scale projects on-time with consistently successful results while working across departments and time zones. Proven ability to operate autonomously across multiple teams in a matrixed organization. Experience working on projects with teams based outside the US including international engagements. 