 Display Mechanical Engineering Manager, Watch Job Number: 49847215 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 28, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Lead a team of mechanical engineers designing next-generation displays for Watch as a manager in the Flat Panel Display Team. Supervise the development of cutting-edge display technologies, processes, components, and modules. Act as a focal point among multiple world-class design and production teams to deliver mechanically robust displays from initial concept to mass production. Key Qualifications 5+ years of relevant industry experience Deep understanding of mechanical engineering fundamentals including material properties, tolerance analysis, solid mechanics, and thermodynamics Experience developing electro-mechanical designs for high-volume, reliable products Experience leading teams of engineers (either direct reports or as a technical leader) High energy, detail-oriented personality with a passion for learning Excellent prioritization, cross-functional teamwork, and written and verbal communication Use of the scientific method to analyze failures and define corrective actions Familiarity with multiple manufacturing techniques such as injection-molding, machining, die-cutting, etc. and materials such as plastics, metals, glass, etc. Experience performing and/or designing mechanical/environmental test methods and data analysis Experience with simulation and analysis methods (FEA, CFD, and statistical tolerance analysis) 3D software expertise: Solidworks, Pro/Engineer, or NX (at least 3 years) Willingness and ability to travel (~15% travel, primarily Asia) Description Architect displays incorporating constraints from optical, electrical, and assembly process teams. Provide mechanical expertise &amp; leadership to cross-functional teams. Oversee technology development to improve the design, construction, and reliability of displays. Communicate mechanical issues to senior managers and executives. Organize cross-functional efforts to identify, analyze and close mechanical design issues. Acquire and develop engineering talent to provide technical depth to multiple programs on aggressive schedules. Act as an escalation point with suppliers to drive improvements in assembly &amp; quality. Visit factories to review assembly process, integration, and handling of displays and components at all stages to maintain quality and achieve high assembly yield. Supervise failure analysis efforts and guide implementation of solid corrective actions. Education MS or BS in Mechanical Engineering 