 Analog IP Lab Characterization Engineer Job Number: 112924646 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, you will perform lab characterization and validation of embedded circuits; and you will Interface with many disciplines to launch the world’s premiere mobile computing chips. Key Qualifications You will be part of a small team responsible for: Bench test, debug, and characterization of embedded on-chip circuits (PLLs, DLLs, clocks, memory interfaces, and I/Os) In-system PI/SI measurements for correlating with simulation models Debug compliance test failures of standard interfaces (USB, MIPI, DisplayPort) Setup, debug, and maintain lab system test environment Development of bench top characterization tests exercising on-chip circuits through a combination of FPGA, JTAG, and analog interfaces Development and execution of scripts to automate tests, extract and store results, and generate reports using database and analysis tools Preparation of reports related to characterization and debug Interface with chip design teams, system HW and SW design teams, Test engineering, and Product Engineering Description 5 or more years experience in test development, debug, and reporting that includes: Device tests and script development, Python preferred. Use of electronic measurement equipment. Use of data analysis platforms and databases. Testing/characterizing PLLs, DLLs, SERDES, and memory interfaces. Testing/characterizing control loops for various voltage regulator topologies (LDOs, bucks, multi-phase bucks). Lab work including soldering/instrumenting systems for test or debug. Malabo/DSP experience is a plus. Other skills should include: Initiative taking ownership of responsibilities, being productive, ability to meet aggressive deadlines. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Emphasis on quality of work: should self-check scripts, test patterns, and reports. Education BSEE / MSEE is required 