 Commerce Software Engineer, Apple Media Products (iTunes Store) Job Number: 112866478 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Media Products - Commerce team is looking for an outstanding Java software engineer, with a passion for commerce and very high volumes transactional systems. The iTunes Store has been leading the digital distribution industry and is the largest online marketplace for apps, music, movies and more, serving millions of requests daily. Take this exciting opportunity to join the engineering team that has developed the features that allowed the incredible growth of Apple Services to the size of a Fortune 100 company. The position requires someone who is comfortable with all aspects of the software design cycle, especially designing robust architectures capable of performing flawlessly during peak times. You will build services and application components to support very high levels of transactional integrity, scalability, availability, and security. The role requires a dedicated team player who has strong analytical skills, great attention to detail and is able to work with multiple teams, technical and non-technical. The successful candidate must have great communication skills and have demonstrated the ability to partner with people across the organization to drive features and enhancements. Key Qualifications 7+ years of professional experience An enthusiastic, problem solving, self-driven individual, who enjoys having an impact on a World leading online marketplace Very good understanding of the Commerce business domain Deep knowledge in distributed systems and RESTful web services, preferably in Java Strong architecture, software design, and analytical skills (SOA, micro-services) Excellent communication and organizational skills In-depth knowledge of relational database systems (Oracle preferred) as well as NoSQL data stores and data modeling (Voldemort, Cassandra) Description We are looking for an outstanding software engineer to build, maintain, and drive evolutions to the highly available and reliable iTunes store and App store components. You will work on features that touch all Apple Media Products services: from account management, purchase life cycle, subscription management and as well as new features coming to the Apple product ecosystem. The successful candidate is: Both a highly technical hands-on coder, as well as an effective communicator in a dynamic cross functional project setting Experienced architecting web applications that scale to millions of requests per second Passionate about the Commerce business domain, clearly understanding the business impact resulting from technical decisions Education BS in STEM, or equivalent work experience. MS preferred. 