 Sr. Marketing Manager, Americas - Campaigns, Products and Markets Job Number: 57425670 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Campaigns, Products and Markets team in Apple Retail develops the strategy for all customer marketing engagements in Apple Retail. From seasonal campaigns like Holiday to various consumer programs like Trade Up to our engagement with Small Business owners, this team is responsible for the marketing touchpoint at every step of the journey - in our stores and online. The Americas Marketing Manager will be part of the Marketing Planning team and will work across the organization using insights and analytics to develop strategic plans for the Americas regions of Canada, Mexico, Latin America and the United States. They will use their problem solving skills to help our teams tackle opportunities in program development, customer communications, and emerging markets. This role will work closely with our marcom and field partners in region to ensure programs and campaigns brought to market are relevant and effective in the Americas regions. Along with our New Store and New Country team, the Americas Marketing Manager will use cultural insight to inform plans for expansion and redevelopment as well as programming of our physical stores. We are looking for an experienced planner with a strong foundation in strategy and media planning. They will be a positive force that has relevant Americas marketing experience. And, they will be a consummate bridge builder across Apple using their relationships to better inform our work in Retail. Our ideal candidate is a self-starter, creative, strategic, highly organized, and collaborative. Key Qualifications 8-10 years marketing experience, across client and agency side. Mature, experienced Program Manager who is solution-oriented, can work autonomously, can sort through complex issues, and formulate thoughtful recommendations. Experience in Latin American markets preferred. Spanish and/or Portuguese speaker preferred. Global thinker who performs well in high-pressure situations in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment. Ability to manage and execute through influence and relationship-building. Excellent presentation skills, with the ability to inspire, persuade and communicate complex topics with clarity. Experience in managing and executing successful global marketing programs. Demonstrated cross-functional execution across global marketing programs. Demonstrated track record of handling complex/multi-faceted projects. Proven ability to lead and influence in a heavily matrixed organization and to build relationships across multiple functional areas - Product Marketing, Public Relations, Store Operations, Marketing Communications, Merchandising, Finance, and other Apple ecosystem partners. Strong communication, organization, and influencing skills with impeccable attention to detail. Excellent writing and editing skills. Proven leadership skills: able to motivate, lead, develop, and inspire. Description Work closely with our field partners in region to develop insights and approach to inform new and legacy programs, market expansion and creative for campaigns. Serve as an ambassador between our field organization and marketing. Work across all of Apple, to gather insight at a country and city level to help shape the details of the macro business plan. Develop strong working relationships with leadership and cross-functional partners across the organization. Develop country level marketing plans. Work across the marketing organization to inform and drive understanding in all areas - new store/new country, campaigns, launches, key markets and care of cultural insights and country plans that impact their work. Partner with the Insights and Analytics team to deliver relevant data and research pre-planning across Retail Marketing. Quickly develop strong working relationships with corporate partners, field teams and vendors globally to ensure delivery of the best possible experience to Apple Business customers. Identify roadblocks, potential impacts and opportunities for cross-channel collaboration before they emerge. Maintain an intimate understanding of the Apple Retail brand and overall Apple values. Understand the key role that products, services and training play in supporting its growth. Work closely with Global leads to ensure customer-facing and employee-facing materials are on brand in every market. Work with our Global teams to align on global insights that will help to inform overall marketing strategy. Education Minimum BA in Marketing, Business or related field; MBA a plus 