 Java/NoSQL DevOps Engineer Job Number: 112949143 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you like the idea of running global services that are used by millions of passionate people all over the world? Do you enjoy working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Do you like changing the game? Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 3+ years hands-on experience developing Java with J2EE, Eclipse,Xcode,UNIX, and object-oriented methodologies Multi-threaded programming Write software and participate in code reviews in debugging and coding to resolve issues. Working knowledge of source control software (SVN or Git) 2+ years supporting hosted services in a high-volume customer-facing environment 1+ years of experience on any NoSQL data store such as Voldemort, MongoDB and Couchbase Proficiency with Shell, Perl, &amp; Python languages Background building distributed, server-based infrastructure supporting a high volume of transactions in a mission critical environment Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively across multiple business and technical teams Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, tight deadline delivery timeline Aptitude to independently learn new technologies Description We are looking for a talented Java/NoSQL DevOps Engineer to manage large NoSQL infrastructure. The successful candidate will enjoy Java development, various debugging techniques, and good understanding about the distributed databases. Responsibilities: Participate in develop and review Java source code Use various Java &amp; system side debugging techniques to optimize the performance Design and architecture of NoSQL data store Database infrastructure setup, configuration, upgrading/patching,monitoring, and troubleshooting. System capacity planning management Work with developers in building Non-Relational data models on NoSQL database technologies Share on-call rotation with the exiting team members to provide 24x7 support Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 