 BPR Senior Business Analyst - Storefront Projects Job Number: 56184692 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The WW Sales Business Process Re-Engineering (BPR) team is responsible for delivering solutions that support the overall Channel Sales strategy at Apple. These solutions are typically new technical capabilities and/or business processes, which impact the effectiveness of Apple’s Sales and Sales Operations teams. We are seeking an experienced Business Analyst / Business Process Re-engineering specialist to work on projects supporting our channel customer experience - including physical storefront operations and/or digital merchandizing solutions. As the successful candidate you will have several years experience as a senior business analyst, ideally within a consumer channel sales environment. This role requires you to deeply understand the supported channel business processes and propose solutions beyond what has been requested by the supported business teams. In this role you will be the thought leader in developing certain channel sales solutions and will gather, analyze and synthesize business requirements across multiple regions to support these, producing the highest standards of requirements and process documentation. It is essential that you think strategically and identify key integration points with other projects. You will set the highest standard in terms of quality of tools and overall experience for your business users. The successful candidate will be a self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, matrixed, fast-paced environment. Basic project management skills are also highly desired. Key Qualifications Strong understanding of sales and sales operations processes in a consumer channel sales environment (or similar). Experience in working with both physical store merchandizing (e.g. fixtures, 2D, planograms etc) and digital merchandizing (demo content management, catalog etc.) Experience / understanding of digital solutions in retail environments. An understanding of the components and considerations required when building corporate systems (e.g. key architecture components, security, scalability etc.) Analytical capabilities needed to synthesize large amounts of data into a clear story and/or assess business process improvement opportunities. Aptitude and interest in new technical concepts. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate at all organizational levels. Experience in facilitating business requirements workshops. Collaborative, flexible and open working style, with an ability to quickly establish trust and credibility. Excellent teamwork skills and ability to influence others. Strong level of customer focus. High level of professionalism, energy and sense of urgency to “make things happen”. High level of proficiency creating high impact presentations using Keynote (or MS PowerPoint ) to clearly articulate reporting concepts and solutions. Excel skills for data analysis in support of requirements gathering and troubleshooting /problem solving. Experience with modeling business processes and data models etc. Description Scope and manage requirements process for assigned initiatives, including business workshop facilitation and roadmap development. This will involve working with both regional BPR (Business Process Re-engineering leads) and key business stakeholders in head office and the regions. Establish credibility with business as a trusted advisor by listening, understanding their business and quickly providing options for consideration. Effectively lead discussions with various stakeholders and intelligently ask the questions that get to the real needs of the business, asking the “whys” and not just taking requirements at face value. Engage with colleagues across the sales BPR team to identify system integration points and dependencies, and develop high level solution proposals for these integrations. Includes identifying and scoping master data, reporting , access and provisioning requirements. Define and document requirements to the highest standard including business architecture diagrams, use case definitions and as-is/to-be process definitions. Engage with IS&amp;T partner team to facilitate clarifications during design and development. Work with the project manager during preparation and execution of User Acceptance testing. Including providing key input to use cases and test scripts. Work within either agile or waterfall style reporting projects under direction of project manager or program lead. Effectively manage stakeholders, subject matter experts, executives and other internal groups through effective written and verbal communication. Manage change. Working side by side with your PM you must implement new ideas effectively within the Apple culture. Influence decisions and change management through collaboration, leadership and a customer-focused approach. Work closely with the sales and sales operations business teams to become a functional expert in key channel sales processes and related solutions needs. Leverage experience, observations, industry trends, best practices, leading-edge technology and process improvement ideas to challenge the status quo. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent desirable, preferably in Computer Science, CIS/MIS, or related discipline with an information technology focus. Additional Requirements Demonstrated ability to deliver medium scale projects on-time with consistently successful results while working across departments and time zones. 6 years + experience as a BA or PM/BA driving complex solutions. Experience in consumer sales / channel / retail reporting and analytics highly desirable. Proven ability to operate autonomously across multiple teams in a matrixed organization. Experience working on projects with teams based outside the US including international engagements. PMI/PMP certification preferred. Experience with agile methodologies preferred (e.g. Scrum) 