 HW Characterization Engineer Job Number: 55194653 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jan. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this role, you will perform lab characterization and validation of mixed-signal ICs and IPs, as well as developing board-level solutions for characterization and emulation platforms. You will work closely with the designers and cross-functional teams at the silicon and module levels. Responsibilities include: developing tests; obtaining test equipment; designing PCB schematics and layout and arranging for their fabrication; automating measurements; analyzing and reporting results; coordinating cross-functional test / debug activities; and maintaining the test lab. Key Qualifications •5+ years of experience in test development, debug, and reporting for mixed-signal ICs and IPs. •Hands-on experience with lab equipment including digital multimeter, source meter, spectrum analyzer, signal generator, oscilloscope, power supply, logic analyzer, BERT, etc. •Hands-on experience in designing PCB schematics (Orcad) and layout (Allegro) for analog and mixed-signal applications including FPGA. •Hands-on experience with test automation and data analysis platforms. •Excellent coding / scripting skills (Python, Perl, Tcl, etc.). •Experience in test lab setup and maintenance, as well as rework. •Experience in testing of PLL, DLL, SERDES, memory interface, LDO, and voltage reference. •ADC / DAC testing experience is a plus. •Experience in SI / PI measurements is a plus. •Strong communication and interpersonal skills. •Leadership skills for driving cross-functional test plans and debug activities. •Analog circuit design experience is a plus. Description •Prepare silicon validation and characterization test plans in consultation with the design team. •Define requirements for test equipment and evaluation boards, design PCB schematics and layout, and arrange for their purchase or manufacture. •Set up and maintain test infrastructure. •Test, debug, and characterize mixed-signal ICs and IPs through a combination of FPGA, JTAG, and analog interfaces. •Perform and debug compliance tests of standard interfaces such as MIPI, DisplayPort, USB, etc. •Develop scripts to automate tests, extract results, and generate reports using database and analysis tools. Compare measured performance against design specifications. •Interface with the silicon design team, module and system HW / SW teams, Test Engineering, and Product Engineering. Education BSEE / MSEE required. 