 Writer, Marcom Interactive Job Number: 113025552 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 13, 2017 Job Summary Apple is looking for a Copywriter to join our interactive marketing team. You’ll be asked to brainstorm digital campaigns. Develop site concepts. Craft the kind of fun, thoughtful headlines Apple is known for. And write long-form websites for new product launches, as well as corporate initiatives like education and the environment. This is a chance for you to do the best work of your career — and have it seen by the millions of people who visit apple.com each month. Key Qualifications 4+ years of experience writing for traditional or digital agencies, in-house marketing teams, or digital publications. Along with references. An impressive portfolio full of marketing campaigns, corporate websites, social campaigns, articles, blogs, or work in other digital channels. Description Build close partnerships with the world’s best Art directors and UX Designers. Help come up with creative ways to launch products, tell product stories, and build out websites — all firmly rooted in the content strategy. Develop ideas that are surprising and fresh, yet unmistakably Apple. Work with product marketing teams to translate technical features into meaningful customer benefits. Write hundreds of headlines for each project. Master the Apple tone of voice and deliver copy that makes advanced technology easy to understand. Collaborate with ACDs, CDs, product managers, and Editors to refine (and refine and refine and refine) copy until it’s our best possible work. Confidently articulate ideas and present work to ACDs, CDs and product marketing teams. Meet deadlines and keep project managers in the loop. Report to an ACD, partnering closely with him or her throughout the process, on all aspects of a project. Keep up to date on the latest Apple products, solutions, and related technologies. Be a collaborative team player who’s fun to work with. Be highly engaged with the Art Directors and UX designers on your projects. Deliver exceptional headlines and copy. Create work that’s on strategy. Be hyper-focused on details and product accuracy. Be resilient when we have to leave good ideas behind (in pursuit of great ones). Deliver websites that constantly push the creative forward. Put innovative ideas out there. Be willing to take risks, fail, and learn from mistakes. Education Bachelor's degree preferred 