 Import Lead - POI Tools Job Number: 56703364 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Location-based services are a significant part of our everyday lives. Whether you are looking for the nearest gas station, finding a transit route that gets you to the big game before kickoff, or selecting the perfect restaurant for dinner, you are relying on information from the Maps Data Engineering Team’s processing pipeline. At Apple, the Maps Data teams provide the foundation for building great customer experiences, with features that have become an indispensable part of millions of lives around the world. Apple Maps is looking for a creative and dedicated individual to join our Points of Interest (POI) Data Engineering Tools Team to serve as an pipeline engineering lead. In this position you will be focused on optimizing and automating our import software. Key challenges include how to scale large databases, how to import data from many vendors with different formats and varying levels of quality, how to identify and instrument appropriate validations and triaging, and how to version data throughout its lifecycle. The role also encompasses the creation of real-time systems that can update hundreds of millions of customers as fast as possible. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience in scaling large database-backed software systems 5+ years of experience working with Java and newer JVM-based languages such as Scala or Clojure Experience with data pipelines, messaging systems, and client/server protocols Experience innovating to build world class products Ability to rapidly learn new technologies Strong written and oral communication skills Must enjoy being part of a start-up team environment Description The Apple Maps Points of Interest (POI) engineering team is looking for a software engineer to help us build the next generation geolocation system. We are constantly optimizing and improving our processing pipeline to deliver the highest-quality experience to our customers. In this role you will build large-scale server-side systems to model Points of Interest by ingesting data from many different vendors. This data will flow through our systems to be displayed in the Maps application. You should have experience with complex databases, indexing technologies, server architectures, messaging systems, and data pipelines. The ideal candidate thrives in a small team of outstanding engineers, has worked in a leadership capacity, is a self starter who is focused on optimizing workflows, and works well with others to solve hard problems and build great features. Education Degree in CS (or related subject) 