 Siri Engineering Manager, ML Platform Job Number: 86406721 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language team at Apple. Key Qualifications Management Skills: You've spent 5+ years engineering software, with 2+ years managing people and software projects. You've quantified the user experience for decision makers and are strong on industry best practices. Previous experience leading at least one large scale project with multiple stakeholders. You have experience writing software in a cloud environment such as AWS or Google Cloud. You have actively coached and mentored team members in their careers and they'd say you were good at it. You delight in building teams. Technical skills: Strong programming and software engineering skills (C/C++, Java, Python or equivalent) Experience with large-scale server systems design and development. Solid foundation in data structures, advanced algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills. Description The goal of the Siri Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced statistical techniques. Engineers in this team work on a wide spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. You are responsible for developing and building a team focused on building scalable distributed systems to deliver these models to Siri’s users. You should be passionate about creating phenomenal products. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is a unique opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of machine learning and software engineering, and your work would have a huge impact on hundreds of millions of users across the globe. We impact billions of users by developing a phenomenal product with a prime focus on accuracy, understandability and performance of the product. You will work in an exciting high performance computing environment, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to wield significant influence on the features that delight our customers every day. Ultimately, your work would have a huge impact on hundreds of millions of users across the globe. Education Bachelors in Computer Science, or related fields. Masters or PhD preferred, or equivalent experience. Additional Requirements Natural Language and Machine Learning experience is a plus Bilingual or multilingual preferred 