 Noise &amp; Vibration Engineer Job Number: 113182484 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you interested in a fast-paced and challenging career where you will be able to improve products loved by millions? Do you welcome your communication, creativity, and problem-solving skills being pushed to solve unique problems? Apple’s Noise &amp; Vibration team designs, validates and solves problems in our hardware products to minimize audible noise and optimize customer experience. We work daily with multi-functional teams to discover innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges. We are looking for a Noise &amp; Vibration engineer to join our team Key Qualifications Experience using precision-grade instrumentation for ultra low-noise measurements. Background in electromagnetics, electrical engineering, and/or circuit design. You are able to learn new coding languages. You have a history of developing high-volume consumer electronics. Knowledge in electro-magnetic actuators. Strong knowledge of acoustics and vibration principles, with 5+ years of experience in the noise/vibration field; understanding of forced excitation and how motion of mechanical systems turns into radiated noise. Acoustic and vibration measurement skills, are fluent in data analysis methodology, and have experience making measurements in anechoic/hemi-anechoic chambers. Fundamental knowledge of how voltage potential and current can lead to vibration. An accomplished listener with excellent hearing over the audible frequency range. You're a creative problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced multi-tasking environment. Most of our engineers have advanced degrees in Acoustics or equivalent field, but equivalent expertise through other means is fine. Description You will author SOPs, test plans, and specifications. Quantify noises, facilitate user studies, establish thresholds in lab and factory environments. You’ll educate multi-functional teams to implement known best practices and run studies to learn new best practices. Perform validation testing to targets and analyze this data to better understand root causes of problems. Work closely with partner facilities overseas but will need to travel minimally. 