 Sr. Software Engineer Job Number: 113206022 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple's Partner Solutions and Technology team within the Information Systems and Technology organization as a Sr. Software Engineer with a passion for delivering spectacular enterprise Apps. Our team believes in fun, camaraderie, learning, and collaboration at work, and are looking for candidates that shares those values. Key Qualifications Extensive Experience working on Java/Java EE, Spring and REST framework Strong experience in developing solutions using SQL, Oracle, No-SQL, Couchbase Experience in working with Lucene based Search Engine preferably Elastic Search. Proficient in test driven development and familiar with popular test frameworks Experience developing large scale and high volume multi-tiered applications Experience with Unix/Linux Experience in handling architectural and design considerations such as performance, scalability, reusability and flexibility issues. Excellent communication skills Team lead experience is a plus Experience with software build and visioning tools such as Maven, Nexus, Gradle, GIT Description This will be your opportunity to be part of the team that builds the Customer and Partner Facing Apps and is in-charge of defining the Next Gen Digital Consumer experience in Partner Stores. Key responsibilities: - Architect, design, develop and implement enterprise level back end solutions - Participate in Architecture of highly available and scalable solutions that can scale to Apple and it’s Partners growing needs - Will work with Big Data Sets and no-sql solutions - Utilize his or her extensive experience with Spring and REST frameworks to be able to come up with innovative solutions to solve everyday technical problems - Interface with Business, application owners, developers and project managers - Be responsible for promised deliveries in time - Collaboration with Project Management team and cross functional teams - Review technical designs and perform code reviews Education • BS degree in computer science or equivalent field plus 4-5 years software development experience or MS degree plus 1-3 years software development experience, or equivalent 