 RF Ranging and Signal Processing Engineer (Location team) Job Number: 113188388 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary RF ranging and Signal Processing Engineer developing and implementing new algorithms for wireless systems on Apple’s mobile platforms. Shape the next generation of location-aware mobile experiences by working on state-of-the-art technologies to seamlessly integrate people’s digital and physical lives. If you're passionate about building technology that will make a difference, we may be the team for you. Key Qualifications ▪Strong understanding of RF ranging and angle-of-arrival techniques, e.g. PDOA, TDOA, TOA, and RTT ▪Understanding of wireless time synchronization techniques ▪Understanding of radar a plus ▪Experience in estimation ▪Experience with data analysis and error modeling ▪Experience in embedded development ▪Strong software development experiences and excellence in C or C++ ▪Strong experience and knowledge of software design paradigms and software development best practices ▪Ability to build, prototype systems for data analysis, error modeling, prediction, and prototyping new algorithms ▪Knows how to debug complex systems ▪Strong creative problem solving skills ▪A passion for programming and would do it anyway even if not for work ▪A passion for building things ▪iOS, OS X, application, and/or unix system development a plus Description Join a team which designs, implements, and powers brand new technologies and services on the world's fastest-growing mobile development platform. We are looking for a highly motivated RF ranging and signal processing engineer with an understanding of location technologies and related fields (RF ranging and angle-of-arrival techniques, estimation theory, error modeling). Invent and design systems to solve interesting problems in RF ranging, angle-of-arrival, GNSS, WiFi/Cell, and other location services, indoor positioning, iBeacon, location-based reminders, inertial sensor fusion, dead reckoning, crowd-sourced analytics, and other location-related technologies. Education inimum requirements: MS or PhD in relevant location or ranging field (angle-of-arrival, WiFi, GPS/GNSS, Bayesian estimation, Computer Science, etc, or related field) Additional Requirements Interested in creating new technologies and solving the algorithmic challenges that come with it. Passion for actively learning new skills, techniques and programming languages/libraries/frameworks. Desire to be exposed to all aspects of development; prototyping, planning, designing, productizing, launching, and scaling. Thrive in a collaborative environment and communicate effectively. Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways. Laser-focused on the smallest details that are meaningful to our customers. 