 Project Manager - Global Support Options Job Number: 112980991 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Project Support has an immediate opening for a project manager with strong project management skills. At any given time, this role may manage multiple initiatives of varying scale, complexity, and focus within the contact center, in order to support the organization’s overall business objectives. The ideal candidate will have good business acumen and a strong quality ethos; be able to move smoothly between projects; communicate effectively with a variety of audiences in verbal, written, and presentation forms; gather and analyze information from a variety of disparate sources to support decisions; and will have an extensive background in contact center processes and project management. Key Qualifications Represent the Support Programs organization to other internal groups and customers to ensure that Apple’s service and support objectives are understood. Contribute to AppleCare Project Support team’s best-practice knowledge and work collaboratively with project managers in other functional areas and lines of business. Quality and results focus: Incorporate customer satisfaction in all project activities, with the goal of improving overall experience while keeping associated costs low. Act independently, making decisions as needed in a timely manner, sometimes with incomplete information and under tight deadlines and pressure. Meet commitments and drive closure to open items. Manage and communicate changes in scope in a timely manner. Measure performance against goals, evaluate results, and hold self and others accountable. Description Strategic thinking/analytical reasoning Understand how projects support business goals and ensure initiatives are aligned with business vision, strategy, and deployment within Apple. Gather, define, and document project requirements and scope; analyze impacts of various factors on scope. Use data analysis and empirical information to support conclusions and decisions. Anticipate and adjust for problems, risks, and roadblocks. Organize activities and coordinate efforts of cross-functional project teams. Lead and support teams in achieving results that are on time, within budget, and consistent within the larger context of the business goal. Manage work of team members who may report through other channels. Actively resolve conflicts. Communication/teamwork Establish and maintain strong working relationships with peers and stakeholders. Communicate concisely and clearly with internal customers, peers, business partners, and executive leadership via verbal, written, and presentation forms. Provide regular status updates to project teams, stakeholders, and management. Education Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred 5+ years of program/project management experience, ideally with PMI, Six Sigma, or similar project management certification. Additional Requirements Contact center experience a plus. Experience in managing projects of all sizes, including large, cross-functional contact center or support initiatives. Knowledge of and experience with project management methodologies. 