 Search Opportunity Analyst/Lead - Siri Search Job Number: 113188157 San Francisco, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a leading part in revolutionizing how people use their computers and mobile devices. The Siri Search team is creating groundbreaking technology for knowledge graphing and algorithmic search using machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. We’re looking for a high achieving individual to conduct detailed search opportunity to analyze to define opportunity for current product improvement as well as chart opportunities for future products. Conduct hands on analysis using using whatever techniques required including Map Reduce, SQL, and scripting to deliver product conclusion and recommendations. Work with top tier engineering and product teams to serve over 1 billion customers, your role is essential to creating the highest quality user experience that Apple customers expect and love. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience as an analyst at a large data company, quantitative trading group, or search organization. 3+ years experience directly delivering research outcomes to key stokeholds Hands on experience with a ride range of big data analysis techniques; including Map Reduce, Hive, Spark, SQL, and Python. Self-motivated and Proactive, with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Self-sufficient in analyzing and drawing conclusions about quality and product opportunity from raw and refined product data MS/PhD in EE/CS/CE/Mathematics/Statistics or equivalent Description Conduct and deliver in depth analysis of search quality in Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Lookup, News, and more base on customer feedback. Deliver actionable product recommendation directly to engineering and product owners to improve existing products. Deliver detail analysis of future product opportunity to the executive team. Be self sufficient to do whatever it takes to analyze, measure, and articulate the customer experience. Education MS in EE/CS/CE or equivalent 