 Marketing Recruiter Job Number: 112920304 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is looking to hire an experienced Recruiter to join our Product Marketing, Developer Relations &amp; PR Recruitment team. The person hired will be responsible for providing the highest level of staffing services to Apple’s business leaders and candidates through Apple’s sourcing and selection processes. The successful candidate will perform full lifecycle recruitment while maintaining excellent relationships. A high level of creativity, short- and long-term recruiting vision, business acumen and personal organization is required. Key Qualifications 7 to 10 years recruiting/sourcing experience, ideally having exposure across levels including senior-level hires. Possess an understanding of consumer technology (hardware and or software) and product marketing. Experience recruiting product management and product marketing a plus. Strong interpersonal communications skills, including ability to articulate an inspiring vision, clearly translate it into executable strategy Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. Excellent project management, personal organization and time management skills Proven strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead &amp; manage recruitment efforts and partner strategically with business owners. Executive search experience a plus. Description Work with hiring managers to provide recruitment solutions to meet the needs of the business. Drive full process of recruitment from sourcing to closing and on boarding candidates. Gain in-depth understanding of the business functions and provide proactive solutions to ensure staffing goals and deadlines are met. Source, pre-screen and interview candidates. Develop and maintain networks both internally and externally in the organization to identify key talent and build ongoing pipelines. Be experienced in pro-active sourcing, including alternative sourcing methodologies in order to ensure a robust pipeline of potential candidates. Promotes the company image to candidates and external service providers. Manage the offer generation and approval process. Maintain responsibility for entry, maintenance and integrity of data using Apple’s internal systems. Provide analysis of recruitment stats and activities to business partners on a regular basis. Negotiates and/or supports hiring manager in developing new hire compensation package/offers. Partner with key lines of business and cross-functional partners to drive successful recruitments and candidate on-boarding. Communicate tactfully, professionally, diplomatically and confidentially at all times, providing detailed updates regularly. Have a strong “can do” attitude with genuine commitment to customer service. Education BA or BS degree preferred 