 Full Stack Web Developer - Apple Maps Transit Job Number: 53965367 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Maps is about more than just locations and directions, it's about modeling the physical world in software. In this position you will be developing internal software involved in curating, analyzing, and correcting the data which drives the public transit feature in Maps. This will include full stack development with a front-end focus. Key challenges include creating efficient workflows for data curation, optimizing database queries and modeling, and constructing views which provide insight into the complex data which makes up our transit network. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience in Javascript and front-end web development frameworks / technologies 5+ years of experience working with Java or newer JVM-based languages such as Scala or Clojure Experience designing and implementing UIs for complex workflows and datasets Ability to rapidly learn new technologies Strong written and oral communication skills Description The Apple Maps Transit data and engineering team is looking for a full stack web developer to join our team. We are constantly optimizing and improving our Transit data pipeline while introducing new features in order to deliver the highest-quality Transit experience to our customers. In this role you will build complex web applications and associated systems to model and curate public transit data. This data flows through our systems to be displayed in the Maps application. You should have experience with UI/UX design, complex databases, and data pipelines. In your role as a full stack web developer for Maps Transit, you will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic environment on highly impactful projects. We are looking for developers who thrive in a small team of talented engineers working to tackle problems under tight deadline constraints and deliver imaginative solutions. Education Bachelor's degree in CS or relevant industry experience 