 WW Online NPI Readiness Program Manager, Apple Retail Online Job Number: 112941227 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Be a key player in our e-commerce revolution. Get ready for your perfect job, one that requires you to think strategically yet stay connected to our customers. Be part of the world’s most globalized online retailer and help architect our future. The Online NPI Readiness Program Manager is responsible for strategizing, influencing and planning to support key Retail initiatives in conjunction with the launch of new products Worldwide. By aligning people, process and technologies, the Online NPI Readiness Program Manager will ensure the integrity of the NPI moment is preserved and enhanced by delivering the best possible customer experience. The Program Manager is a natural leader and facilitator; is driven, organized and detail oriented; excels in program and project management; communicates with ease at all levels; thrives in an ambiguous environment; is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts; manages through relationships and influence: and displays grace under fire. Key Qualifications Extensive project / program management and operational experience within an eCommerce, Internet or multi-channel environment. Managed multiple efforts simultaneously, demonstrating a keen attention to detail, strong organization skills, and communication effectiveness. Implemented scalable solutions and complex programs from start to finish. Close liaison with technical and business teams across a matrix organization. Discretion when dealing with confidential information. Exhibit ability to make the right decisions based on deep analysis, experience, and judgment. Seek and incorporate guidance. Ability to span from long-term strategic vision to tactical execution with ease. Thrives in an ambiguous environment and can think clearly in a fast-moving situation. Proactive team-player with a can-do attitude and a deep sense of ownership and accountability. Comfortable taking on any crisis moments. Encourages direct and tough debate, and intuitively knows when to move on. Influence senior leadership through poised presentations of concepts and recommendations. Understands the cultures of organizations. Adept at building strong relationships with partner teams geographies, cultures, time-zones and organization levels. Comfortable exerting tactful influence in a matrixed organization, leveraging formal channels and the informal network. Ability to evaluate complex issues with multitude of factors and propose optimal solution(s). Must display great ability to prioritize deliverables, focusing on critical path items, with a persistent attention to detail. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate at all organizational levels. High level of proficiency creating high impact presentations using Keynote (or MS PowerPoint ) to clearly articulate reporting concepts and solutions. Ability to present data and insights in a clear, concise manner to stakeholders. Description Be the advocate for the Apple Retail customer. And represent the voice of Retail Online to the various NPI teams we partner with. Focus on the integrity of the end-to-end experience for Online customers. Provide the Online NPI perspective to conceptualize long-term vision/goals. Detail the NPI requirements to incorporate into the development of future critical Retail functions/programs. Participate in NPI reviews and connect the dots. Identify risks and develop corresponding robust and scalable contingency plans. Identify opportunities for efficiency improvements and drive solutions working with the cross-functional the WW and Regional teams. Partner with cross functional teams to evaluate system and program readiness before NPI events. Conduct critical issue post-mortem and follow-up meetings, to drive learnings and identify opportunities to improve future launch readiness. Additional Requirements Retail Online: Store Ops (WW &amp; Regional) Retail Online: Contact Center Readiness (WW &amp; Regional) Retail Online: Product Management (WW) Retail Online: PMO (WW) Operations: Ops Readiness (WW) Operations: Retail Fulfillment Operations (WW) Retail Stores: PMO (WW &amp; Regional) Retail IS&amp;T: AOS Engineering (WW) Retail IS&amp;T: ASA Engineering (WW) Retail IS&amp;T: Stores Engineering (WW) Retail IS&amp;T: PRS (WW) 