 Software Quality Assurance Engineer - TestFlight Job Number: 113134510 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are looking for a Software QA Engineer to join our iTunes Store QA Team. Our team is responsible for TestFlight which is an integral part of App eco system. You will be responsible for testing and qualification not only TestFlight but other tools and related services with a focus on quality and making sure our clients have the best user experience with our products. In addition, you will be interacting with internal and external teams to train them on our products. With customers in over 155 countries, we are a fast-growing marketplace for music, movies, TV shows, books - and, of course, apps. Come join us! Key Qualifications 5+ years of QA experience, with a consistent track record detecting and writing bug reports 3+ years of QA experience on Mobile testing on different platforms. Experience working with OS X and iOS platforms Proficiency in Java, Javascript, Unix, SQL, CSS, HTML, XML You're flexible and able to adapt to rapidly changing requirements You have a proven ability to partner and communicate multi-functionally, and to seek out information when required You're able to work independently You're comfortable with command-line interfaces, some exposure to shell scripts and UNIX. Strong analytical skills and ability to autonomously solve problems, as well as collaborate with your team Strong verbal and written communication Positive attitude and strong interest in learning new systems and skills Description You are a strong individual contributor that can work on projects independently and will also be required to collaborate with other team members. You are dynamic and prepared to test/ regress a high volume of changes on a day-to-day basis. You are detail oriented and are able to both perform and reconcile test data. Education BS in computer science or similar work experience Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 