 Packaging Engineer (Product Integration) Job Number: 113087461 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Battery Engineering Team at Apple produces high energy and highly reliable embedded battery systems for all product teams. Tightly integrated with Product Development, Operations, Industrial Design and Reliability Testing groups, the Battery Product Development team owns battery module development from initial system architecture through product ramp. The Product Integration Group, working cross-functionally with System Engineering, Battery PD and Operations teams to generate and execute methods of integrate battery modules into systems. The Product Integration / Packaging Engineer will be responsible for developing and validate shipping and handling solution for single and multi-pack battery assemblies in addition to developing process solutions to handle battery modules from outgoing inspection, at the battery vendors, through installation Key Qualifications Experience with international transportation standards for both ground and air shipment, experience with battery shipping a plus Experience with vacu-forming, injection molding and machining processes to develop packaging materials. Experience with multi-layer film fabrication and/or converter liner fabrication. Experience with shock watch and g-load shipping recorders. Experience with validation of shipping tray and packaging using, but not limited to, transportation drop and vibration testing. Experience with dimension inspection processes and equipment. Experience with designing and fabricating and cosmetic and mechanical films and liner. Experience with adhesive including, UV, two part and coated glues. Strong understanding of design, development and qualification processes. Strong ability in root cause failure analysis and corrective action planning. Exceptional engineering fundamentals and design intuition Understanding of GD&amp;T. Ability to drive programs to completion Ability to work with other engineering teams to arrive at suitable solutions Self motivated, with a proven record of successful execution. Working understanding of high volume manufacturing systems. Ability to identify and communicate clear project goals and project plans Ability to clearly explain technical issues Excellent written and verbal skills a must Self-starter with excellent time management skills and entrepreneurial spirit 5+ years experience in packaging development, material handling, assembly automation, process development and measurement and inspection systems. Must have worked with high-volume manufacturing companies in this or a parallel capacity Must be highly data-driven Familiarity with large format Lithium-based battery and portable consumer electronic product is desirable Description • Design packaging tray and shipping carton using CAD drawing software according to international shipping standards. • Conduct design reviews, incorporate team feedback and release design documents to support programs. • Initiate fabrication of and track progress of shipping packaging materials. • Work closely with quality group to develop and validate production test methods and limits. • Deep Dive failure analysis and corrective action planning • Develop high-precision installation processes for battery final assembly. • Work with system teams to optimize OQC, IQC, handling, installation, inspection and failure analysis. • Work with Pack Design team to improve battery designs for better final results. • Work with internal and external partners on developing battery handling and assembly processes. • Communicates status effectively to team and management. Education BSME Preferred 