 Senior Applied Researcher, Machine Learning Job Number: 56797129 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an exceptional applied researcher to join the machine learning team for Maps Routing and Traffic. This group works on some of the most challenging and impactful big data problems in the industry today, making sense of petabytes of data to deliver invaluable navigation functionality for millions of users who depend on Apple Maps. Key Qualifications Experience applying machine learning to significant big data problems Strong verbal and written communication skills Experience with Scala, Java, C++, and/or Python Experience with machine learning software, such as Python Scikit, TensorFlow, and/or Spark MLLib Experience with Apache Hadoop or other distributed systems for Linux Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, Random Forest, linear regression, etc. Description As an applied research scientist on this team, you will use your machine learning expertise to help develop novel platforms and solutions that improve the quality of traffic information, ETAs, routes, and navigation in our customer-facing Apple Maps product. You will use and invent state-of-the-art algorithms to train and test robust models that can capture complex driving behaviors and trends. You will be counted on to be a subject matter expert on current academic and industry machine learning research and best practices. On a day-to-day basis, you will collaborate with multiple vertical teams, apply your knowledge to solve significant data-driven problems, and work hands-on to design, implement, and deploy machine learning solutions that run at scale. You will work with teammates, resources, and data sets that are unique to Apple. You will be challenged to do your life's best work to make the best possible Maps product. Education Ph.D. (or M.S. with equivalent industry experience) in CS, EE, Statistics, or related field with a focus on machine learning Additional Requirements The following experience is nice to have, but not required: Experience with time series, sensors, context-awareness, or GPS data Experience with device + cloud machine learning pipelines Research publication history at venues such as KDD, AAAI, NIPS, or SenSys 