 Data Engineer, Siri Job Number: 113179280 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile and desktop computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. The Siri Metrics Platform team is responsible for building a highly available and scalable system to ingest, process, and analyze billions of events generated daily from devices and our services. This system, along with the data visualization tooling we’re building, will allow our engineering teams to perform quick exploration with the overarching goal of improving the quality of Siri. As a Data Engineer on the Siri Metrics Platform team, you will have significant responsibility and influence in improving Siri by using data as the voice of our users. You will develop large scale data pipelines and analytical solutions, interface with our quality initiative leaders to ensure the system is meeting the needs, and iterate as well as innovate based on observations and requirements gathering. Successful candidates will have strong engineering and communication skills, as well as a belief that data informed processes lead to better products. Key Qualifications Key Qualifications: 3+ years of industry experience working with large-scale and high-throughput systems. Expert knowledge of one or more object-oriented programming languages (Scala, Java, C++). Ability to leverage several scripting languages (Python, Ruby, Bash, etc.). Thorough understanding of the Hadoop ecosystem (HBase, HDFS, Hive, MapReduce), Spark, Solr, Kafka. Description The Siri Metrics Platform team is in a unique position to align our quality initiatives to a singular platform. This will allow all performance, reliability, accuracy, and usability metrics to utilize the same methodology for dashboard/reporting creation and curation. This platform will also empower our developers to do ad-hoc queries into their problem space in order to troubleshoot or validate the effectiveness of their code from a quality perspective. A successful candidate will have experience in large-volume data ingestion, processing, and analysis in near real-time. Design, implement, and manage scalable data models and pipelines leveraged by all Siri teams. Build analytical solutions to enable data analysts to perform accurate and consistent analysis efficiently. Develop and contribute back to open source projects supporting the platform. Ensure the platform can handle all types of robust data exploration in real-time. Partner with all Siri teams and build features to enhance data analysis. Education B.S. degree in Computer Science or 3+ years of programming experience or equivalent. 