 Power &amp; Performance Analyst Job Number: 57450458 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 8, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s IMG GPU Software team provides the graphics software foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and Watch. Combining cutting-edge software frameworks such as Metal with next-generation hardware, GPUSW takes the user experience to the next level. This team recently announced Metal 2 which provides near-direct access to the graphics processing unit (GPU), enabling you to maximize the graphics and compute potential of apps on iOS, macOS, and tvOS. Building upon an efficient low-overhead architecture with precompiled shaders, fine-grained resource control, and multithreading support, Metal 2 further boosts performance by enabling the GPU to take more control of the rendering pipeline. Moving beyond just graphics, Metal 2 provides deep support for GPU-accelerated machine learning and offers enhanced developer tools that make it even easier to debug, optimize, and deploy Metal apps. On Mac, Metal 2 adds support for virtual reality (VR) rendering and external GPUs, and provides new APIs and optimizations to help developers embrace these emerging technologies within their apps. Key Qualifications Power and/or performance measurement and analysis Good experience in test automation and user tools development (e.g. Perl) Have proven track record of project completion Excellent communication skills Be an excellent team players as well as able to work well on individual assignments Be proficient in C and/or C++ code Description The Mac GPU Power Management team combines detailed knowledge of the latest GPU hardware with Apple's graphics requirements to meet the increasingly stringent power and performance demands of current and future generations of Macs. The team partners with other teams to provide improved system level power management with a goal of conserving energy without compromising performance and user experience. Successful candidate will join the team to lead improvements in GPU Power Management analysis with core responsibilities as follows: - Partner with both internal teams and vendor teams on power and performance triaging and analysis, and hardware and software troubleshooting. - Support validation and regression check for power and associated performance - Expand and support automation, tests and tools Education Technical BS/MS degree Additional Requirements • Web applications • Data mining • GPU hardware knowledge • OS X or iOS, or other UNIX-like operating system • System level (bigger) picture. 