 Program Manager, Americas Readiness - Operations Job Number: 113106434 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. The Americas Readiness Program Manager will support the continued growth of the business through a strategic focus on Operational Readiness and the tasks required to deliver new products, product offerings, and promotions to our customers. The candidate in this role will be responsible for leading highly complex and cross-functional projects/programs, many of which have high-level visibility within Apple. Although defined as an Individual Contributor (IC) role, this individual must be able to assemble and drive highly tactical project teams across all of the functional areas within Apple Operations. The ideal candidate for this role is someone who is self-motivated, has a passion for driving change within process and/or project direction, and is comfortable doing so in projects with both short duration and high intensity. The ideal candidate for this role will be a career long high-achiever, and will likely come from a Supply Chain, Order Management, or Sales Operations background where they have had exposure to the larger Operations organization. This individual will not be satisfied with the status quo, and will always be in search of a better way to do things in their role and within the organization that they influence. Key Qualifications Minimum 5-7 years direct Operations experience in a Project/Program management role Exhibit exceptional analytical and problem solving skills. Interacts efficiently and effectively in a fast-paced deadline driven work environment. Strong verbal and written communication skills, where no communication leaves ambiguity for the recipient. Excellent forward thinking capabilities. Must be able to see beyond the current state, identify risks/opportunities and drive project teams toward the desired program outcome. Must demonstrate excellent leadership capabilities, and naturally be able to motivate a team of individual project contributors. Must have supply chain experience and detailed knowledge from a tangible product consumer goods background. Must demonstrate a working knowledge of and have a passion for understanding business processes across all areas within a typical Operations organization including: Legal, Master Data Management, Product Localization, Pricing, Supply/Demand Management, Supply/Demand Execution, Reseller Operations, Sales/Sales Operations, Logistics, Publishing Highly tactical in nature, approaches problems and projects systematically, and is energized by working in a fast paced and ever-changing environment.Must be able to transition from driving cross functional teams to assembling key deliverables that the Readiness PM is responsible for in this role. Works effectively within a global business environment where engagement with global counterparts is required to standardize business practices and processes across regions Highly adept at managing high volumes of information, determining what is applicable to the project/program, and knowing exactly when to drive change within the project team Must possess advanced Excel skills (Creation/editing of Macros, VBA, etc.) Demonstrated background in continuous improvement and application in a program/project oriented role Description The Americas Readiness Program Manager will drive and oversee new product introductions throughout the Americas region, with project scope focusing on the period between production ramp and product on-shelf. In this position, the candidate will liaise with their regional counterparts and project teams, as well as their Worldwide counterparts, and will define the Plan of Record (POR) that will be used to drive their project. In the development of the project POR, the Americas Readiness Program Manager will learn the business processes of contributing teams across the operations organization, and will be expected to apply this knowledge to minimize risk and maximize success within their respective projects. Education BA/BS, MBA a plus but not required PMP certification desired but not required 