 Software Quality Assurance Engineer Job Number: 113127945 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Strong Candidates should have experience with Mac OS, Win, iOS/tvOS, UNIX, XML, SQL, traditional QA/gray box testing methodologies. Programming experience with JAVA, Python, Shell Scripting, automation tools/tests harness experience is desirable. Responsible for testing and qualification of the iTunes Store content ingestion and delivery systems. The ideal candidate will have experience with content management systems and audio/video ingestion tools with a focus on data flows and reconciliation. Experience with client/server architecture and request/response flows should also be a core area of experience as well as the ability to access and interpret server logs. Experience with e-commerce systems, partner Tools/data streams relating to metadata updates and content availability management a plus. Description This position requires a strong individual contributor that can work on projects independently and will also be required to collaborate with other team members. Candidate must be dynamic and prepared to test/regress a high volume of changes on a day-to-day basis. This position requires strong analytical skills in not only approaching and executing tests but in analyzing the details of test results for projects. Strong bug reporting skills and ability to communicate clearly with developers are a must. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 