 Sr. Financial Analyst Job Number: 113187948 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Support the preparation of capital and operating financial projections and budgets, and revenue/expense/margin/activity variance analysis and other specific financial analytics on client operations and performance, performing data cleansing, summarization, including ad hoc reports to forecast trends and interpret financial data and measure bottom line financial and operating performance. Prepare and assist in presenting monthly financial statements. Prepare, review, and perform routine general ledger and journal entries; accurately record transactions, including required cross-organization entries and allocations. Reconcile the general ledger to applicable supporting documentation, analyzing reconciling items to determine the cause, identifying recurring items and propose solutions to eliminate recurring reconciling items. Develop and maintain data sources and databases, as necessary, for use in data analysis to support business decisions. Assist with the design, execution, and monitoring of internal controls and finance policies and procedures. Support the development and maintenance of effective systems of general accounting and cost determination. Ensure timely payment of current liabilities to creditors, proper recording and control of cash receipts, recording of fixed assets, development of adequate procedures, instructions, controls, records and reports. Support system to estimate and monitor client physician compensation including incentive payments. Assist in maintaining monthly financial reporting mechanism for client physician operating results. Perform monthly Bank Reconciliation for clients as required. Answer accounting and financial questions by researching and interpreting data. Design and maintain client financial dashboard. Performs other duties as requested and required by management. Description The Controller and Financial Analyst (CFA) provides accounting and analytical support for financial reporting and accounting processes to ensure timely and accurate output of day-to-day accounting functions and business related financial analysis. Tasks include maintaining general ledgers, managing receivables and payables, making approved adjustments to financial data, month-end close activities, reconciling physician compensation plan calculations, assembling requested financial and statistical data sets and generating internal managerial financial reports. CFA also should be able to conduct analysis on monthly reports, understanding and effectively articulating results to management and operations staff and its medical group client. The CFA is responsible for establishing and maintaining productive relationships with a broad range of other key stakeholders within the Apple Financial infrastructure, including Apple System (SAP team) and Financial Support Teams, Benefits Team. In addition, the CFA will provide perform day-to-day accounting functions in maintain accounting workflows. The CFA’s job responsibilities range from maintaining general leaders, processing payables and receivables, month-end close and report preparation, advising management on specific budget variances and providing financial decision-support analysis. The CFA will manage day-to day accounting and financial analysis functions. Education Degree in accounting or finance with 5+ years of relevant experience in the wellness care/health space. 