 LiveOn Program Manager Job Number: 86188722 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The LiveOn team is looking for a person with that special something to add to our small team.The LiveOn team grew from the Quality organization to enable unreleased products to be “lived on” by Apple employees outside of labs, networks and campuses. Our goal is to generate actionable data, surface issues along with gathering feedback so those that make the best products in the world, can make them even better. Key Qualifications Care….. meticulous attention to detail and the customer’s experience. Ability to work both independently and collaboratively across diverse technologies/products in a dynamic, hands-on and creative environment. A demonstrated ability to present research findings and recommendations to all levels of stakeholders, including executive management. Strong project management experience and a solid understanding of problem solving tools including design of experiments, root cause analysis and statistical analysis tools using JMP. Knowledge of product development and manufacturing processes. Description They say time travel is impossible. The LiveOn team does five impossible things before breakfast. In this role, you will be involved in shaping the future of consumer electronics. We chart our course from the center of a storm interacting with development teams, manufacturing teams and thousands of passionate people out in the field testing and reporting on unreleased prototype hardware and software. We need a bright, engaging, passionate individual with a diverse background. Someone who is looking to expand their toolbox in ways that they cannot even imagine. This team, is deeply rooted in the Apple culture which means we are always thinking outside the box and inventing creative ways to meet whatever challenge is presented. You will be involved with just about every group from executives to Café Macs. From hardware and software engineering to the factory line. From Industrial design and magic to AppleCare and the retail experience. You will be involved in every aspect of a LiveOn program from inception to close. We will teach you what you need to succeed but having the following skills are what we look for: Passion, curiosity, intuitive problem solving and strong communication skills. Education Exceptional relevant work experience or BS/MS degree in Engineering, Data or Human Factors Additional Requirements Excellent data presentation, communication and leadership skills Comfortable in leading and communicating with large audiences 5+ Years experience in Hardware or Software across: Consumer Electronics, Human Studies, Consumer Medical Devices/Health Tracking Flexible to travel as needed, 10-15% 