 Battery Product Development – Product Integration Engineer Job Number: 113131065 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Battery Engineering Team at Apple produces high energy and highly reliable embedded battery systems for all product teams. Tightly integrated with Product Development, Operations, Industrial Design and Reliability Testing groups, the Battery Product Development team owns battery module development from initial system architecture through product ramp. The Product Integration Group works cross-functionally with System Engineering, Battery PD and Operations teams to generate and execute methods of integrate battery modules into systems at final assembly. The Product Integration Engineer will be responsible for developing process solutions to handle battery modules from outgoing inspection, at the battery vendors, through installation into Apple product. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience in material handling, assembly automation, process development and measurement and inspection systems Must have worked with high-volume manufacturing companies in this or a parallel capacity Must be highly data-driven Familiarity with Lithium-based battery technologies is highly desired Specific experience with portable consumer electronic product or large format batteries is preferred. Strong understanding of design, development and qualification processes. Strong ability in root cause failure analysis and corrective action planning. Exceptional engineering fundamentals and design intuition Understanding of GD&amp;T. Ability to drive programs to completion Ability to work with other engineering teams to arrive at suitable solutions Strong, demonstrated experience, in automation techniques for component inspection and assembly Self motivated, with a proven record of successful execution. Working understanding of high volume manufacturing systems. Ability to identify and communicate clear project goals and project plans Relies on data to justify technical decisions Ability to clearly explain technical issues Excellent written and verbal skills a must Self-starter with excellent time management skills and entrepreneurial spirit Description •Develop high-precision installation processes for battery final assembly. •Work with system teams to optimize OQC, IQC, handling, installation, inspection and failure analysis. •Work with Pack Design team to improve battery designs for better final results. •Evaluate and validate installation and inspection procedures at (FATP) assembly site. •Work with internal and external partners on developing battery handling and assembly processes. •Communicates status effectively to team and management. •Conduct design reviews, incorporate team feedback and release design documents to support programs. •Work closely with quality group to develop and validate production test methods and limits. •Deep Dive failure analysis and corrective action planning. 