 Junior Systems Admin. Job Number: 112973596 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 1, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Core Infrastructure Engineering (CIE) team has an exciting opportunity to support a high profile R&amp;D project involving High Performance Compute (HPC), Private Cloud, Artificial Intelligence (IA), Machine Learning (ML), complex Build and Release pipeline, Big Data and many other leading edge technologies. We directly support Software Engineering by providing: high performance computing (CPU/GPU) resources, storage systems, web and file collaboration services, tools, licenses, databases, and workflow optimization. We are looking for a highly motivated Systems Administrator (SA) to join our team. A successful candidate will be a generalist, having experience performing routine system administration tasks, troubleshooting issues and can learn new technologies and processes quickly. Exposure to performance troubleshooting, automation, and software development tools is highly desirable. Key Qualifications Required Skills 1 - 3 years performing common Linux Systems Administration tasks Candidate will have hands on knowledge of Linux systems (CentOS/Ubuntu preferred), with an understanding of networking and related protocols. Strongly Desired Ability to program in at least one scripting language (Bash, Python/Perl/PHP/Ruby). Hands on troubleshooting skills in complex distributed systems. Knowledge of NAS storage environments using NFS, SMB protocols. Experience with Apache, DB (MySQL or Postgres), SNMP, dtrace/strace and network analysis tools. Familiar with Kickstart, PXE, DHCP, DNS, Configuration management, monitoring tools (ie: Puppet, Nagios, Cacti, Graphite, etc). Description This position will be directly supporting R&amp;D engineering. The ideal candidate is expected to meet tight project deadlines, excel under pressure, work well with others, be self-motivated, and be able to manage short and long term goals. Duties: Serve as a systems administrator for Linux servers and desktops Monitor system performance and utilization Install, configure, and document new servers and applications Maintain and audit user accounts Maintain servers and system security according to Apple standards Generate statistics for operational review and planning Ensure support requests are answered in a timely manor Respond rapidly to system maintenance needs, including on weekends and evenings Respond to user email messages, phone calls, walk-ins, and Helpdesk inquiries in a timely fashion Work with the staff to provide documentation for the programs and services available through CIE Education Bachelor's Degree in a technical discipline, Computer Science or Computer Engineering preferred, or equivalent work experience. Additional Requirements The role may also be responsible for supporting associated non-production lab and QA environments as necessary. • You will actively interface with management, software developers, network engineers, systems, storage, project management and database administrators on projects and provide second-tier on-call support. • You should be able to Identify, troubleshoot and resolve issues quickly and effectively, sometimes under pressure. • The role also involves participating in the 24x7 pager rotation of the team as necessary. • Occasional international travel. • Excellent communication skills and teamwork is a must! 