 Enterprise Training Content Developer - Technical Job Number: 113131922 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Staffing, Training, &amp; Communications is responsible for training and enabling salespeople across Apple’s global channels, including mobile carriers, consumer electronics stores, and enterprise partners. Your work will be key in informing salespeople around the world about Apple products and helping them deliver a great customer experience. The Enterprise and Education training team is looking for a Technical Training Content Developer to expand our curriculum of technical training courses. Content Developers/Instructional Designers must be able to work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced dynamic environment that demands high quality, technical accuracy and consistency. This Technical Training Content Developer will develop training for a variety of audiences including Apple internal and channel technical sales teams, and external technical professionals in businesses of all sizes. This individual should be experienced in developing training on a variety of technical concepts including (but not limited to) device deployment and management, networking configurations, security and authentication, system configuration, troubleshooting concepts and strategies, and more. Experience with the deployment and management of Apple iOS products including iPhone and iPad in a business environment is a plus. Key Qualifications 5+ years technical training content development/instructional design experience creating innovative sales and technical training solutions within high-tech companies Exceptional writing skills and the ability to distill complex topics and procedures into simple and understandable language Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to facilitate collaborative, cross-functional decision-making processes Strong presentation, communication and interpersonal skills Exceptional ability to listen and build rapport with a wide range of cultures and personalities Strong understanding and experience with the Mac and or iOS platforms including device deployment and management Examples of excellent oral and written communication skills Experience working collaboratively with peers on multi-faceted projects Knowledge Apple products and software Description Develops engaging and concise course materials to support self-paced and instructor-led training delivered through a variety of methods including classroom, web, and mobile devices. Works closely with training management, global partners, regional trainers, editors, evaluators and creative services partners to gather information, refine learning objectives, and produce the right training solutions at the right time. Applies Apple standards to all aspects of work projects, producing elegant, focused and accurate information about complex topics. Keeps up-to-date and current with Apple products and technologies with an emphasis on iOS, macOS and Professional Applications. Collaborates extensively with other project team members, including editors, graphic designers, engineers, and marketers, and receives and incorporates feedback appropriately. Manages his or her time independently and meets all scheduled deadlines. Views and interprets data from various sources (customer feedback, analytics reports, usability tests, and so on) for guidance on ways to improve the quality and effectiveness of assigned deliverables. Education 4 year degree or relevant work experience 