 Environmental Program Manager Job Number: 112980363 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Environmental Technologies group is seeking a candidate to drive compliance to environmental regulations and drive sustainability initiatives on hardware products. The candidate will work closely with product design teams to define and implement environmental specifications including those on energy efficiency, design, and restricted substances. Key Qualifications Experience managing, organizing, and maintaining deliverables of large projects Experience interpreting and implementing environmental or environmental related requirements Knowledge of environmental regulations on restricted substances and energy efficiency as well as environmental standards and certification programs is a plus Individual who thrives in the details and able to manage multiple deliverables Self-starter with a proven ability to influence others Outstanding written and oral communication skills Comfortable with fast-paced, schedule-driven environment Description This position is offered in Apple's Environmental Technologies group within Apple's Hardware Engineering division. Our mission is to deliver the world's leading programs on the elimination of hazardous substances, improved material and energy efficiency, as well as design for environment. Apple believes that major improvements in environmental performance will be delivered through product design innovations. The candidate will be responsible for driving Apple’s environmental policies and initiatives as it relates to products. The candidate will drive cross-functional teams such as product design and system design teams to establish environmental targets on design and energy efficiency for new product designs. The candidate will need to have excellent time and project management skills to: execute test plans to validate environmental targets, attain certification for products to relevant environmental standards, provide regular updates to executive audiences, and review, interpret, and distill data. The ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams who are key stakeholders in the design of the product will be required. Education Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical, Mechanical, or Materials Science engineering preferred. 