 AR Specialist - US &amp; Canada CAE Job Number: 112965208 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Aug. 30, 2017 Job Summary Team up with Apple, one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry. Join the Apple Finance organization and make a positive impact, where you will share in a dedication to excellence by partnering with extraordinary teammates, all with one unified vision – creating innovative products that delight customers. Finance is about “fueling innovation.” We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity and personal accountability, who value teamwork, work product excellence and proactive thinking. If you share these values and want to be part of something big, contact us today. Apple’s Global Financial Shared Services (GFSS) is seeking a strong Accounts Receivable analyst to support related accounting and disputes control activities. This position is based in Austin, TX. Key Qualifications 4-7 years of experience in corporate Accounts Receivable, disputes and reconciliations preferred. Good knowledge of accounting and SOX controls. Advanced Excel experience and data analytical skills. Substantial understanding of the accounts receivable function is required, with an ability to apply knowledge and skills to complete a wide range of tasks. Ability to perform detailed reconciliations/analysis to resolve outstanding issues promptly. Excellent customer services and business partnership skills. Excellent negotiation and conflict resolution skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate issues quickly and concisely to management. Attention to detail and strong ability to deliver timely and accurate results in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Ability to deal with ambiguity, works independently, and be a self-starter Prior experience with SAP preferred. Description • Responsible for reconciling accounts with large volume of transactions within credit limit, escalating internally and externally as needed • Responsible for data analysis and reporting on metrics, trends and collection results • Resolve outstanding Invoice, Chargebacks, on past due accounts • Responsible for research, reconcile customers payments; process refunds • Consistently meet quarterly metrics on portfolio • Understand SOX controls as they relate to the job responsibilities and perform all tasks in a SOX compliant manner • Identify and drive process improvement opportunities • Support and back up other team members as needed • Ability to work cross functionally within team and with other departments within Apple • Proactively manage portfolio by identifying potential issues before they roll past due, utilizing resources and tools available • Release orders based on credit availability and risk • Maintain SAP by entering, updating, and retrieving data, as well as formatting and generating reports from SAP into Excel • Prepare outstanding accounts statements and gather reference documentation to identify issues • Respond to inquiries from customers, internal and external, via email and phone, and follow up when necessary • Participate in expansion projects and testing to ensure positive impact to team Education • BS/BA in Finance, Accounting or other relevant field 