 Sr. Software Engineer Job Number: 33362460 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 17, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are seeking an energetic and self-driven senior level server-side software engineer who will play a central role in the delivery of secure scalable services. As a member of our fast-paced group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day. Key Qualifications 5+ years of industry experience Advanced programming skills in Java, Python a plus Strong experience building scalable backend services Experience with cloud-based infrastructure and platform services Proficiency with large scale data processing technologies such as Cassandra, Solr, and Kafka Knowledge of common web services protocols (HTTPS/JSON/REST) Experience building stable and scalable server-side systems using distributed processing algorithms Experience with ETL, data warehousing environments Experience building practical, secure systems for handling sensitive data Experience with data science or machine learning tools like Spark a plus Web frontend experience a plus Aptitude to independently learn new technologies Ability to express ideas clearly within the team and across departments Description In addition to using technical knowledge to drive features and improvements, you must be comfortable with rapidly evolving requirements, and have excellent interpersonal skills. Success depends on working with cross-functional teams. Responsibilities: Designing, developing and deploying a scalable data pipeline. Designing and building stable and scalable production systems to support machine learning and data science. Turning these systems into a service offering for other teams. Maintaining an intense focus on secure and polished software. Participate in the continual improvement of engineering tools and processes. Education BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience 