 Sr Software Engineer Job Number: 113163079 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple's Partner Solutions and Technology team within the Information Systems and Technology organization as a Sr. Software Engineer. We are looking for a senior back-end Java engineer with a passion for delivering highly scalable distributed enterprise Apps. Key Qualifications Hands-on with architecture, design, development and deployment of enterprise systems Experience rolling out distributed, large-scale, low latency web applications Strong experience in Java/J2EE, developing and consuming REST services Proficient in Spring framework and related open source technologies Experience with relational, no-SQL databases and distributed caching. Cassandra, Spark, Scala or Akka would be a plus Working experience in Software Development Lifecycles, agile methodologies, and continuous integration Experience with automated testing methodologies and frameworks Experience or familiarity with UDP based products (Aspera, Signiant) or transport protocols TCP/UDP a plus Fundamental understanding of Content Management Systems — familiarity with Adobe Experience Manager a plus Description Our team believes in fun, camaraderie, learning, and collaboration at work, and are looking for candidates that shares those values. You will champion your ideas with peers, business partners, management and other engineering groups. You will also enjoy the benefits of working in a fast growing business where you are encouraged to "Think Different" and where your efforts play a key role in the success of Apple's business. Responsibilities: Architect, design and implement highly available and scalable enterprise solutions that can match Apple volumes Ability to distinguish/combine relevant SQL and NoSQL technologies to architect the right solution Utilize the expertise in Java frameworks including Spring, REST, Kafka Interface with Business, application owners, developers and project managers Be responsible for promised deliveries in time Collaboration with Project Management team and cross functional teams Review technical designs and perform code review Education Masters or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering or equivalent 