 Client Engineer - Endpoint Data Backup Lead Job Number: 113168224 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Job Summary The Client &amp; Collaboration Services department work to ensure Apple’s employees are productive, efficient and secure. As a member of the Client Engineering team, you’ll work with various parts of Apple’s business to develop and deploy enhancements to our Corporate Backup service, ensuring we offer world class endpoint data backup to our employees. Beyond that, you’ll bring your best influencing skills to bear so that others join your vision for the most customer-centric results possible. Everyone at Apple depends on our team’s technical skills, focus on security, and attention to detail. We are looking for an experienced client engineer with end-user and sys admin experience to lead our successful Corporate Backup service. This person will administer, monitor and maintain our endpoint cloud backup solution, keeping customer experience, performance and security prioritized. Constant interaction with our vendor is necessary to highlight our feature requests, influence the future direction of the product and gain speedy resolution to any defects discovered in production. The ideal candidate possesses a strong customer experience ethic, has top-notch people skills, displays creativity and appreciates fully the core strengths that make Apple’s products easy to use. Key Qualifications 5+ years in a technical operations or system administration capacity 3+ years in a large enterprise working on endpoint data protection (security and backup) Experience as a technical lead of a global enterprise service in a large company Strong experience with global technology implementations (Cloud and on-prem) Demonstrated experience with technical admin and troubleshooting Expert knowledge of macOS and iOS Clear and articulate communicator; confident at presenting Obsessed with customer experience Demonstrated ability operating as part of a high performance team, delivering objectives under tough deadlines and comfortable in an ever-changing, global environment Description The responsibilities of the team are varied. Your role will include, but not be limited to: Technical Lead for our global Corporate Backup service Supporting our Corporate Backup environment (cloud, on-prem and clients) Managing our ticket queue for support escalations and ensuring SLAs are adhered to Supervising a number of support engineers Working with the vendor on a weekly basis SME and escalation point for global support teams Supporting our eDiscovery and Legal teams Advocating our Corporate Backup service and driving its adoption throughout the company Participating in a variety of technical projects throughout the year Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience Additional Requirements UNIX/Linux sys admin Experience with change management controls Data analysis and presentation 