 Machine Learning Engineer, Data Platform Engineering Job Number: 55112612 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 16, 2017 Job Summary At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. Apple’s Ad Platforms Data Engineering team is looking for a highly motivated, energetic professional who wants to be part of a highly specialized team that is at the forefront of building a large scale data processing &amp; analytics platform. The ideal candidate should be willing to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment where technical abilities will be challenged on a day to day basis. In this role you will be driving design, development and production support building high quality scalable big data platform and applications. Key Qualifications Strong working knowledge of data mining algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms and anomaly detection techniques. Practical understanding of linear algebra &amp; statistics, and a passion for building machine learning models &amp; systems. 5+ plus years of experience in Java Programming (design &amp; architecture, algorithms) 2+ years of experience in building high throughput data pipelines using Big Data technologies Exposure to large scale (Petabytes) data processing Extensive experience with MapReduce, HDFS Experience with Scala, Kafka, Flume and Oozie is a plus Strong problem-solving and analytical ability Ability and comfort working independently and making key decisions on projects Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills Leadership, critical thinking, excellent verbal &amp; written communication skills Description You will be responsible for analyzing large datasets to glean actionable insights, design classifiers and ranking algorithms, perform ad-hoc statistical analysis, present results of analysis to team and leadership and create metrics to measure the success of the product. Candidates must be able to independently design, code, and test major features, as well as work jointly with other team members to deliver complex changes. Responsibilities include: - Design and build scalable data processing infrastructure - Build modular components in the large volume data movement and management - Mentor junior engineers in Big Data technologies - Work with architects in implementing the data pipeline Education Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science. 