 Siri DevOps/Build Engineer Job Number: 52245549 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Our team is looking for a talented DevOps engineer who is passionate about building systems and continuous delivery to deploy new Siri functionality to internal users and customers as soon as possible. You will play a key role in designing and building tools and systems that Siri, and other teams at Apple, will use to implement and monitor automated development pipelines. Join the Siri team! Key Qualifications Experience with Software Version Control systems: GIT, SVN, (GitHub knowledge or Administration is a plus) Experience with languages including: Java and Python Maintained or Architected large project builds using Gradle or Maven Ability to administer build systems such as Artifactory, Jenkins, TeamCity Bamboo A desire to write tools and applications to automate work rather then do everything by hand Experience using configuration tools such as: Puppet, Chef, Salt, Docker Description You will play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. You will contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. You will create groundbreaking technology for large-scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. You will also work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or 5 + years equivalent experience in an engineering role. Additional Requirements - Experience implementing Java server applications using tools such as: Jersey, Jetty, ZooKeeper, JDBC, JMS, JMX and cloud deployment tools - Linux system administration experience: ssh, monitoring processes, attaching storage, cleaning disk space, tailing logs, etc. - Experience using Docker or other container systems - Experience working with server clusters consisting of hundreds or thousands of machines using tools such as: AWS, OpenStack, Mesos etc. 