 Maintenance Mechanic Job Number: 113108494 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 9, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Maintenance Mechanic maintains and repairs the facility’s structure, equipment and grounds. They perform skilled trades work, such as carpentry or painting in the construction, repair or alteration of structures such as walls, roofs or office fixtures. Key Qualifications Provides assistance and/or performs in the maintenance and repair of building equipment and infrastructure critical to the operation of the site which includes: Building domestic and wastewater plumbing systems, interior and exterior lighting systems, building interior and exterior structural elements, interior and exterior personnel entryways and their associated hardware, commercial docks and their associated systems, site recycling equipment and their associated subsystems Performs periodic inspections of building infrastructure and equipment Initiates, assigns, completes, and closes out work orders through the CMMS for all of their workload Interacts with internal customers in the performance of assigned work orders Participates on major projects; completes individual projects on a limited basis Coordinates activities of outside contractors to ensure projects and PM(s) are completed on time and correctly Orders parts needed for projects and maintenance repairs Completes other projects/tasks that may be assigned Description Works with facilities in the installation or repair HVAC, wiring and plumbing as required in the environment. Coordinates with facilities in monitoring and analyzing data to assist in making recommendations on facilities environments. Makes periodic or special inspections of the premise to determine repair work necessary. Works from blueprints, drawings or rough sketches. Education • A high school diploma or GED is required. • Associates degree in a related field from an accredited institution, is preferred; and five (5) years of experience in a trade or technical service environment. • In lieu of an Associate's degree, an additional five (5) years work experience in a trade or technical capacity can be substituted. 