 Instrumentation &amp; Test Development Engineer Job Number: 112944354 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The touch technology team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people, world-class products and cutting edge technologies. The team features opportunities for individuals to contribute across a wide spectrum of disciplines. Best in class engineering excellence and thoroughness is expected and encouraged. Learning and building of skill-sets is highly encouraged. Invention, IP and patent creation is expected and supported. Pushing the envelope to design and ship innovative products with best-in-class technologies and user experiences is the main goal of the touch technology team at Apple. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 3+ years of test development experience, Experience in software of firmware development using C/C++, shell, JavaScript, LabView is required Familiar with TCP/IP, GPIB IEEE, RS232, USB interface protocol Fundamental hardware engineering knowledge in analog design required Ability to perform failure analysis using scientific method and experimental process Excellent written and verbal communication skills Able to understand and perform statistical data analysis Able to make international travel to Asia 25% of the time Background with Touch or Sensing Technology is preferred Description This individual will play a key role in architecting, specifying, designing, developing and launching our touch technology product characterization and production Instrumentation. Candidate will be responsible for, Hardware validation and characterization Authoring sensor technology Instrumentation software engineering requirements documents. Prototyping, bring-up, debug and characterization testers for Apple new products Preparing and deliver presentations Production instrumentation software creation and roll-out to suppliers Supplier liaison, including supporting instrumentation bring up and qualification at engineering builds, usually in Asia. Defect root cause analysis and resolution, including diligent bug database tracking Education Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field. 