 Financial Analyst Job Number: 113046557 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 4, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary AppleCare Finance is a fast-moving, dynamic organization that provides the world’s best post sales customer support. The AppleCare Finance team is closely aligned with the business and is one of the best business partnering organizations inside of Apple. The primary responsibility of this role is to manage AppleCare procurement spend by providing financial analysis, reporting, and tracking key metrics. The role partners closely with AppleCare Global Commodity Managers and Buyers to support their initiatives and projects. Key Qualifications Strong working knowledge of SAP and advanced Excel skills. Experience with SQL and building Tableau dashboards preferred. A demonstration of improved efficiency in previous job functions Excellent analytical, written, and verbal communication skills Detail oriented and highly organized The ability to prioritize and manage multiple deliverables with competing timelines in a fast-paced, innovative environment Comfortable dealing with ambiguity and has the ability to draw clear and concise conclusions from large and complex data sets The successful candidate welcomes change, is curious to discover new approaches to reoccurring issues, takes on problem solving with a positive attitude and is self-motivated to complete difficult tasks. 3-10 years of experience in cost accounting and corporate finance preferred. Description Forecast and analyze AppleCare’s commodity procurement spend for iOS, Mac, and accessories. Partner closely with AppleCare Global Service Supply Chain Planning and Procurement teams to improve forecast accuracy and efficiency. Perform standard cost projections and variance analysis. Provide analysis on standard costs based on historical data and future projections. Provide in-depth analysis on Purchase Price variances, Repair Price variances, and internal transfers. Partner with Finished Goods and Refurb Finance teams on the internal inventory/reserve transfer process. Build consensus with the business on the charge back allocation. Manage and provide guidance on complicated sales and buy/sell transactions. Work closely with cross functional teams of buyers, SOM and Shared services (GFSS) on account maintenance. Responsible for the calculation and maintenance of customs valuations on AppleCare parts. Be the WW liaison to assist with any customs valuation issues from the regional finance and logistics teams. Partner closely with AppleCare Planning and Procurement teams to identify and drive opportunities for cost optimization and savings Preparation of monthly and quarterly close accounting entries, accruals, and reconciliations Education Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or other relevant field of study. 