 Operations Test Engineer Job Number: 57440827 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary With the explosive growth of Apple's business we are creating new opportunities for individuals to work on the most exciting new products at Apple. We are currently seeking an individual with strong Test Engineering skills. The successful candidate will be based in the Cupertino area and will have an active engagement with the Hardware and Software Design and Operations teams in Apple. Key Qualifications 7+ years of technical work experience in high volume consumer electronic manufacturing, preferably in computer, tablet or mobile phone. Excellent understanding of electronic assembly processes. Knowledgeable in production control processes, data analysis/interpretation GR&amp;R, Cp/Cpk and correlation analysis. Excellent interpersonal skills with good spoken and written English. Flexibility and comfort working in a quickly changing environment. Project management and people management will be a bonus. Proficient in computer architecture, C and C++ programming, Unix programming would be an advantage. Proven ability to work independently under high pressure and comfortable working in dynamic environment. Ability to travel to the worldwide manufacturing sites to work face to face with the local Test Engineering teams at key points in the product development cycle. Description Test Engineering involvement in the planning and execution of new product introductions to the worldwide manufacturing sites. Work closely with the Hardware and Software design teams to ensure the test equipment / processes required for the New Products meet the standards expected in a high volume manufacturing environment. Lead the standardization and optimization of the test processes. Provide technical / product expertise to the regional test teams to ensure their readiness for the new products and in resolving any Test Engineering related issues through the life of the product. Prepare and present concise Test Engineering program status updates to the Exec team on a weekly basis. Work closely with your peers in the other product areas to ensure we have the most optimal test processes across all products / sites. Make recommendations to design &amp; test coverage improvement. Conduct detail product failure analysis and drive issue resolutions. Drive to closure potential test gaps and correlations issues between our Vendors and manufacturing processes. Education BS or MS in an engineering discipline, preferably Electrical Engineering. 