 3D Technical Director - Systems Developer Job Number: 40171318 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion for producing prototypes to aid in the proof of concept of ideas and there's no telling what you could accomplish. We are looking for a self starting, energetic individual who will collaborate with Senior 3D Artists, Developers, and Designers to create new user experiences that surprise and delight. Key Qualifications Ability to give productive feedback and make good design choices on your own. Extremely familiar with quickly prototyping your and others’ ideas while maintaining reusable yet flexible code. Familiar with manipulating virtual cameras in a 3D space based on various inputs such as user interaction, constraints, states, and focus points. Extensive knowledge of Unity3D, UnReal or SceneKit Extremely Familiar with limitations and workarounds rendering in 3D on mobile platforms in OpenGL and Metal. Familiar with Objective C, C++, or Swift programming, specifically working with iOS Extremely familiar with programming best practices. Familiar with scripting languages like Python or C# in Unity. Familiar conflating, ingesting, and manipulating data from data formats such as json, sqlite, and proprietary binary formats. Description The Maps team is seeking a strong 3D Systems Developer to help improve how users view and navigate the world. This person will be primarily focused on helping with various products, features and experiences in 3D. Tasks would include supporting others on the team with visualizations in the form of tool creation, implementing UX functionality and/or full featured prototypes. This role involves collaboration with cross functional groups such as data collection, engineering, and UX Design. Education BS or MS in Computer Science/Computer Graphics/Other related coursework with a minimum of 3-5 years experience Additional Requirements A portfolio of work samples Must be a TEAM player with excellent communication, negotiation, and presentation/teaching skills Open to creative feedback, and bringing creative solutions to the table Highly organized and motivated with a deep desire to prove themselves within a company of talented individuals Self-motivated, creative and optimistic problem solver; solid time management Experience developing Mobile and Tablet applications or games Ability to find creative solutions to complex 3D computational geometric problems. 