 Training Course Developer - Channel Service Support Job Number: 112870438 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Sep. 7, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you enjoy finding new training solutions for old training problems? Can you quickly and effectively gauge the needs of a group and develop an effective training to meet those needs? Do you thrive on contributing to change management initiatives? If so, you may be the person we are looking for to join our Channel Service Support (CSS) Global Training team. In this role you will be working closely with various CSS project managers, SMEs and stakeholders to capture information for process documentation, training materials and online content. This role demands resourcefulness and strong ability to collect information and document processes. You must be highly organized, flexible, and not afraid to ask people for information in a fast paced environment. This role is located on our campus in Austin, TX. Key Qualifications Must be proactive in researching the way processes and systems work and establish connections to SMEs and users. Experience with technical diagraming methods and conventions. OmniGraffle experience a plus. Web writing experience and strong knowledge of HTML. Must be able to translate semi-technical and rudimentary source information into language that is easy to understand. Ability to juggle multiple projects and prioritize based on changing business needs. Must be tactful, professional, and persistent when seeking information from colleagues and subject matter experts. Must like writing, organizing, and streamlining information for simplicity and optimal understanding. Knowledge and exposure to structured content desired. Experience developing and delivering systems and process training Experience partnering at a high level on change management initiatives Knowledge and understanding of adult learning theory and instructional design methodologies Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication Ability to work independently and be self-directed Ability to quickly and effectively shifts gears to meet changing business requirements Ability to work effectively on global and virtual teams and accommodate time differences Experience developing technical or process training Experience with Learning Management Systems Experience with Blackboard Collaborate or WebEx Project management experience and/or certification Description As a Course Developer for Channel Service Support, you will develop training content covering a variety of topics. You will use your Instructional Design and Project Management skills to: •Research, evaluate, propose and write knowledge base content. •Interview SMEs to collect information and coordinate content structure. •Use innovative methods of presenting the content on the web in addition to creating process flowcharts. •Collaborate with various teams to collect appropriate information and ensure information is accurate •Analyze data to determine training opportunities •Create innovative curricula to support key business initiatives •Work collaboratively with SMEs and other internal teams •Design, develop, and maintain ground classroom, virtual classroom, self-paced training, and blended e-learning training content •Deliver training to various audiences within CSS via ground or virtual classroom •Deliver "train the trainer" training to vendor trainers and audit quality of onsite training delivered by Off Shore Vendors •Maintain strong stakeholder relationships, and manage projects through to completion. •Work in a fast-paced rewarding environment with tight deadlines and minimal supervision that demands high quality, creativity and consistency. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent 