 Apple Data Center Site Selection and Strategy Research Analyst Job Number: 83708609 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As Apple's products and services scale the globe, the Data Center Affairs team works behind the scenes to secure infrastructure for Apple's data center future. Apple’s Data Centers power Apple's online services, including the iTunes Store, App Store, iMessage, Maps, and Siri for customers across the globe. We work with competing demands to make sure we have the greenest, most efficient, and most cost effective data centers that support Apple’s growing and changing needs. As part of the team, you will embody a unique combination of research capabilities, market knowledge, analytical skills, and strategic thinking. You will work with government agencies and internal teams to meet Apple’s needs for next generation data center sites worldwide. You will have strong research and analytical skills in the areas of data centers; tax environments, and political frameworks; energy and other utilities; telecommunications; and economic development incentives. In this team, you will have a key role in driving market analysis, site selection, and agreement negotiations for new and existing data centers and related infrastructure. Key Qualifications Responsibilities Research and maintain an up to date state of the market Champion the development of long-term, regional data center location strategies, taking into account existing and potential future sites, and working seamlessly across stakeholder teams to lead strategic corporate initiatives. Create, build, and manage business relationships with both internal and external stakeholders, including Apple project teams, and economic development and government officials Research available utility services, applicable economic development incentives, and fiber infrastructure. Presenting findings and strategy to senior management. Description You will have substantial strategic analytical and research skills, in addition to rock-solid presentation and collaboration capabilities. You will be a superb, and proven Project Manager, adept at building broad stakeholder consensus and you will have a comfort level presenting to senior management. You will be a flexible, proactive team player who understands and seeks to support the larger strategic initiatives of the company. You work successfully across diverse circumstances, expectations, environments, cultures, paradigms, and technologies. For a new team member to be effective, he or she needs to be comfortable doing research, strategizing, structuring and negotiating a range of mission-critical agreements in diverse settings and with diverse parties. This team excels when all team members are able to communicate effectively, build broad stakeholder consensus, and have a comfort level presenting to senior management. Education Minimum Qualifications BA or BS degree in liberal arts, political science, English, communications, public administration, engineering, environmental science, finance or economics or equivalent practical experience. Combination of research capabilities, market knowledge, and strategic thinking Demonstrated ability to come up with commercially and technically creative solutions and comfort working independently and thinking dynamically, while still leading cross-functional strategic efforts. Be comfortable presenting findings and strategy to senior management Preferred Qualifications MBA, JD or PhD Experience with corporate communications, government affairs, and public relations strategies. 5 years relevant work experience, including experience leading highly confidential location strategy and site selection initiatives for high-technology, industrial-scale projects (for example data centers, semiconductor fabrication plants, pharmaceutical/biotech facilities, manufacturing facilities), including experience with real estate evaluation, construction, utility contracts, economic development incentives, legislative initiatives, and taxation. Willing to travel 50% of the time. Familiarity with power transmission and distribution, telecommunications infrastructure, data center technology, and/or other related areas of technical expertise. 