 SAP ABAP Developer Job Number: 86261093 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 2, 2017 Job Summary Apple's Global IS&amp;T Technical organization is looking for a talented and highly motivated SAP ABAP developer to be part of the Projects Development team. Apple's SAP landscape is one of the biggest, complex and most dynamic with SAP instances like ECC, IS-Retail, SAP-TMS, APO, SAP-SNC, SAP-SLC, SAP Process Orchestration (PO), RMCA and many more. The candidate will join a team of excellent developers who work closely with the Functional / Business teams and execute projects in various SAP modules. The candidate will be responsible for design, development and deployment of Technical solutions on Apple's SAP landscape. The candidate needs to be hands-on with designing and developing SAP applications ground-up. Key Qualifications Hands-on experience in developing classical SAP applications using ALV Reports, SmartForms, SAPScripts, BDCs, dialog modules is required Solid understanding of integration concepts between SAP and non-SAP systems Hands-on experience in designing and developing interfaces using ALE / IDoc, RFC, BAPI, Flat File technologies is required Solid understanding of SAP custom enhancement options. Hands-on experience in customizing Standard SAP transactions using user-exits, BADIs, BTE, enhancement framework is required Experience in development of either WebServices (Provider as well as Consumer Proxy) or WebDynpro applications is required Knowledge of Fiori, UI5, SAP Screen Personas concepts. Experience of creating oData services is required Experience with SAP Process Orchestration solution specifically the BPM component of SAP PO is a plus. Knowledge of Java is preferred Experience with SAP HANA or SAP S/4 HANA systems is a plus Excellent communication, inter-personal, and organizational skills are required Description Attend technical design review meetings and help design high performance and scalable enterprise solutions Design and Develop critical, complex solutions themselves Perform code review of objects developed by other members of the team Must be a multi-tasker who can work on multiple projects / initiatives in parallel Must have the ability to deliver on tight schedule Manage small / medium sized team of developers. Assign and review allocated work Develop re-useable and flexible technical frameworks / architecture for future projects Be at the forefront of exploring new SAP Technologies. Must be a quick learner willing to learn new technologies and methodologies Should be self-motivated with self-starter attitude Should have excellent collaborative skills. Should be a great team player Should have excellent business communication skills - both verbal as well as written Should demonstrate flexibility to work with multi-regional team across different time zones Education MS/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Additional Requirements 5+ years of hands-on experience in design, development and deployment of SAP applications ground-up 