 Software and Applications Product Manager, Apple Online Store Job Number: 113076826 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Online Store is seeking a highly organized, results-driven Product Manager to join the Digital Experience Mgmt (DXM) Team. DXM works on core applications that power the global eCommerce platform. DXM creates software experiences and applications for our business customers. These include the Online Store publishing suite- Content Management, Digital Media Management systems, Search and Validation Tools. Our ideal candidate has in-depth application design experience working in one or more global eCommerce companies with experience in enterprise web content management or product catalog systems with a focus on digital asset mgmt. and end to end publishing capabilities. Key Qualifications 4+ years of hands-on experience working in large-scale software development/management CMS, product catalogue management or Digital asset Mgmt systems). Strong understanding of digital ecosystem; website design, content types, mobile and tablet applications and web technologies. Ability to write clear user stories, manage a roadmap and prioritize features linking business, competitive, and user needs. Demonstrated experience shipping products, familiarity with agile/scrum methodologies a plus. Demonstrated success in business process improvement/re-engineering. Effectively able to communicate to a global audiences and management teams. Must exhibit high degree of ownership and accountability. Description Lead the evolution of the Apple Online Store’s Publishing Apps. Define requirements that promote usability, scalability, smart publishing practices, and intuitive tools UI. Partner with other product management teams to ensure eDAM participation in high quality products are delivered on time. Collaborate with engineering to conduct RFPs and evaluate third party technologies for appropriateness, if necessary. Collaborate with publishing, production and engineering partners to improve end to end validation and testing of our content, data and assets, continually optimizing the software applications that support that. Collaborate with other product managers to analyze impact of upcoming new features on the publishing tools, identify software requirements and include these on the roadmap. Consult in the development of launch plans, ensure detailed planning of deliverables for DXM. Identify and drive business process changes needed to support new products once released into production. Be responsible for identifying and leading publishing and business process re-engineering opportunities. Monitor the health of projects at all times along and report on project status, timelines, launches to the Business team. Education BA/BS degree required. MBA a plus. Additional Requirements Start-up/entrepreneurial experience. Engineering background. Agile development Additional language skills a plus. 