 Optical Design Engineer Job Number: 47426874 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 25, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for all research, design, development, test and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products. The team is looking for an Optical Engineer to work on advanced optical technology development. Key Qualifications Resourceful, prepared to champion his/her work in front of a large group, ready to take initiative, enjoys working in cross-functional teams Experience in non-imaging system design and analysis Experience in stray light analysis Experience in tolerance analysis Excellent proficiency with LightTools or equivalent illumination design software Ability to perform comprehensive optical system characterization Ability to communicate optical design decisions to cross-functional teams Ability to make difficult design decision with limited information Description Core Responsibilities: Design for manufacturing of non-imaging optical systems. Create and own project requirements documentation. Support mechanical engineering and system leads with the integration of the optical system into a module. Devise new tools and methods for the design and analysis of illumination systems. Work with suppliers on prototype design and manufacturing. Troubleshoot issues with suppliers by defining proper metrology, requesting and analyzing the necessary data, and making a decision on the solution. Communicate your design decision to the cross-functional team. Take design into production. Education Graduate degree in Optics or Physics, or Bachelor degree with equivalent work experience Additional Requirements Desirable: •Working knowledge of optomechanics and optics manufacturing •Track record of innovations in non-imaging optics •Experience in solid-state lighting and colorimetry 