 AppleCare Services Program Manager Job Number: 99727694 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Aug. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary WW AppleCare Business Development The Channel Program Manager is responsible for the development and management of channel partner programs for AppleCare Services within the AppleCare Sales Programs organization. In addition to being part of the AppleCare Business Development team, this person will interface with Apple's direct sales force, training and communication organizations, legal and finance organizations, external partners, and other Apple organizations supporting these programs. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate should possess the following competencies and attributes: excellent communication and interpersonal skills advanced analytics and reporting skills background in consumer electronics or carrier business development strong program management experience functional experience with database and reporting systems ability to work in a dynamic environment Description Responsibilities of this position include: Creation and implementation of programmatic roll-out, resources, documentation, administration, compliance, communications, and performance in support of the implementation of AppleCare Services. Build, manage, and communicate readiness plans for partner launches. Conduct and action postmortem assessments to improve future program implementations. Construct program offerings through an understanding of sales objectives, trends, leadership requests, market research, and channel performance. Management of program operations, such as program scope, KPIs, coverage data, communications, and action plan tracking. Delivering program development resources, such as training content, engagement activities, communications to participants, and program updates. Establishing and reporting on key performance indicators, in order to track program results to the intended business outcomes. The results will then be used to inform future program development. Spearhead the cross-functional review and involvement in programmatic resources. Communication and reporting of program performance to leadership teams, finance, external partners, and cross-functional partners. Education Bachelors Degree Required MBA Preferred 