 Camera &amp; Photos - Senior App and Features Software Engineer Job Number: 57445188 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. The seamless integration of software and hardware has led to features like Memories and Portrait Mode which deliver experiences that are magical. The Camera &amp; Photos team focuses on user-experience by leveraging computer vision and image processing through machine learning. Our team works hard on products that ship to millions of people. We are looking for people who want to do the same. Apple is looking for an experienced senior software engineer to join our Photo Applications team. On our team, you would work on our core grid, animation and navigation technologies. The technologies developed by this team forms the core of our photo applications and is a key part of what makes Apple's products revolutionary. Key Qualifications 5+ years of writing great apps for consumers in a production environment Strong programming skills in Objective-C, C, C++ Solid understanding of multi-threaded programming Proven experience crafting high-quality, high-performance software solutions For us, being able to demonstrate that you can build a feature capable of scaling with large data sets is important Description The best camera is the one you have with you, and for most of us that is your mobile device recording all of your best memories. Our team is focused on delivering the highest quality customer experience for persisting, reliving and enjoying these memories. On our team, you will be a hands-on individual using your expertise to creating high-performance user-interfaces and awesome features for our products. Every day on our team is unique and different, and our team members enjoy creating, innovating, and building so that our millions of users can have unique experiences everyday which positively enrich their lives. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience will be considered Additional Requirements A knowledge of animation techniques and best practices would be a plus A focus on performance found in game engines and graphic pipelines would be beneficial 