 iPhone/iPad System Reliability Engineer Job Number: 112946648 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you like to break things? Do you ever wonder what goes into making Apple products an amazing user experience? The engineers on Apple’s innovative reliability team are responsible for insuring that our products exceed our customer’s expectations for robustness, durability, and reliability. We are looking for talented contributors who enjoy working on revolutionary products and aspiring to make them better through creation and execution of comprehensive test suites, identification of potential failure modes, and collaboration with design teams to drive product improvements. This particular position is on the iPhone/iPad system reliability team. You will be responsible for developing &amp; executing novel test methodologies to validate the robustness of Apple products/sub-assemblies, materials, and supplier technology. In addition, you will lead failure analysis with our world-class technology teams to establish root cause and corrective actions to insure our products continue to surprise and delight our customers for years to come. Key Qualifications Your day-to-day adventures will include: *Preparing concise and detailed reliability test plans and reports with an emphasis on prioritizing tasks to meet challenging deadlines. *Developing new reliability tests, procedures, and specifications. *Analyzing experimental data to provide in-depth understanding of design features. *Researching state-of-the-art technology to understand root causes of test failures. *Providing design direction to multi-disciplinary teams to improve product reliability. *Interacting with a diverse and talented group of team members to communicate results and provide program direction. You have a great command of these subjects that will help you waste no time in making an impact: *Developing and performing environmental and mechanical stress tests including shock, drop, and vibration. *Failure analysis techniques such as optical microscopy, x-ray or CT scans, scanning electron microscopy, FTIR spectroscopy, and mass spectrometry. *Failure analysis methodology to identify root cause. *Knowledge of industry test standards from JEDEC, ASTM, and ISO. *Application of Design of Experiments and Failure Modes and Effects Analysis. *Electrical/Mechanical/Materials Engineering or Physical Sciences. Description Your success in these areas will build a strong foundation for your contributions on our team: *Extraordinary problem-solving abilities with strong attention to the fine details. *Excellent written and verbal communication skills for audiences ranging from technicians to senior executives. Our opinions matter. *Ability to multi-task and manage numerous projects at once. At times, completing tests and resolving problems in an unattended manner based on your leadership. *Eagerness to go into unchartered territory and being the team trailblazer. *Dynamic and “can-do” attitude with a passion to deliver groundbreaking technologies and a breath-taking experience to our customers. *Ability to travel unrestricted. Education B.S. or M.S Engineering degree 4+ years of experience in a related field or industry 