 Sr. Software Engineer - Event Streaming Platforms Job Number: 67208097 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple's Platform Engineering Team, as a Sr. Software Engineer to help: Mentor teams and lead them toward building the best products they can Build software that is used across multiple organizations around all of Apple. Create the next generation of platforms including concepts like event sourcing, immutability and next generation datastores Key Qualifications Solid knowledge of secure coding practices and experience with the open source technologies. 5 plus years of hands on experience in database design, development and support with Java based solutions.Experience in distributed systems Experience working in a dynamic team environment Experience with service oriented architecture and REST based services. Experience with SQL (Oracle) and NoSQL (Mongo/Cassandra) Understanding of encryption algorithms and technologies. Strong Java, Spring Framework (Springboot), Database programming skills Knowledge of Application and Web Servers, e.g., Tomcat, Jetty Experience with Kafka and streaming technologies Experience with Eclipse, Xcode, *NIX, SQL, Agile, and other development methodologies. Experience with build and deployment tools, e.g., Git, Maven, Gradle etc Experience with CQRS and Event Sourcing a plus Description Consider joining a small team writing the software which forms the foundation for some of Apple’s core products and services. We are looking for an extremely capable engineer who has a strong background in web services and streaming development, and who has built high-performance, scalable and extensible systems. In this position, the successful candidate will collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to define and implement some of the core backend platform frameworks and systems that will power next generation Apple web services. Candidate should have development and implementation experience of large scale mission critical applications. Engineer innovative solutions while playing a hands-on development role to deliver products in a rapid and dynamic environment. Leadership is a crucial element for this position as the candidate will be looked to for technical guidance and best practices. Architect creative products, and innovate new technologies &amp; solutions, play a hands-on development and design role, and deliver product in a rapid and dynamic environment. Be involved in challenging and fast paced projects supporting Apple's business by delivering innovative Systems. Work with project managers and technical teams, in a cross-functional environment, to implement quality products that meet the business goals. The candidate is expected to be self-motivated, pro-active and solution-oriented individual. Education BS degree in computer science or equivalent field plus 7-10 years or MS degree plus 5-7 years experience, or equivalent. 