 Senior Engineering Project Manager, Ad Platforms Job Number: 112917036 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 21, 2017 Job Summary At Apple, we work everyday to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. We are seeking a senior engineering project manager with strong technical skills. This role requires the ability to understand the big picture while also being able to dive into technical details to solve problems. This role will involve interaction with all aspects of engineering, marketing, legal, support and product release. Key Qualifications Experience with large-scale project development Superior verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated and pro-active with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Great attention to detail Product release experience Description - Maintain various communication mediums, such as websites and status reports used to communicate goals, current focuses, and progress. - Track product development issues and work with the team to determine solutions. - Manage, track, and filter internal bug reports using Apple's bug tracking database software. - Contribute to the continual improvement and automation of our internal process by enhancing existing project tools or creating new ones as required. - Interaction with all levels of engineers and managers. - Track and manage cross functional requirements. - Communicate project schedules, status and potential risks. - Facilitating communication between cross-functional groups is critical. - Must thrive in a fast-paced environment. Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent. 