 Technical Writer - User Experience Team, Apple Media Products Job Number: 56330327 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Media Product Team is looking for a top-notch Technical Writer to be a key player in the team that develops a platform that generates insights into customer experiences on products such as the App Store, Apple Music, and iTunes Store. Our products reach hundreds of millions of customers around the world, and have revolutionized how people interact with their music, movies, TV shows, apps, books, and podcasts. Key Qualifications Minimum of 2 years professional software development experience Minimum of 2 years experience in technical writing (customer-facing material), product documentation, or online publishing Proficient with Markdown and Markup Previous experience creating technical documentation including: • API documentation • System overviews • Reference guides for new products and features • Documentation tailored for target audience (e.g. developers, data scientists, and analysts) Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others on the team, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills Organize documentation and make it easily discoverable, compelling, and engaging Build templates and training curricula to assist the team in documentation effort Description The Apple Media Products Metrics team is responsible for the platform and services that are used in collecting, analyzing, and reporting on customer experience data. From this data we generate insights into how customers interact with our products, and use these insights to drive improvements to user-facing features. As a technical writer embedded in our engineering team, your overall objective is to improve the usability and adoption of our offerings by taking complex information about our platform, tools and services and communicating it clearly, concisely, and accurately to our end users. You will be a key link between our engineering team and other engineering teams, data scientists, analysts, product marketers, privacy advocates, and many other internal cross functional teams. Working closely with our product owners and project management you will understand overall priorities in order to properly prioritize projects and deliver on documentation needs. You will need to juggle between writing documentation for new features, updating existing documents and FAQs, reviewing documents and providing feedback to members of the team. You will also play the lead role in managing our documentation strategy and system, as well as rolling out a training and review plan to help our own team's engineers produce better documentation. Education Preferred but not required: • Major or minor in computer science or related field • Technical training/certification in Software Development Additional Requirements Preferred but not required: • Background in web analytics and/or data services • Knowledgable in Big Data technologies (specifically Hadoop, C* and Spark) • Experience with: • Authoring tools • GitHub • Creating videos for documenting products 