 Senior Oracle DBA for Internet Services Job Number: 83680024 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you like the idea of running global services that are used by millions of passionate people all over the world? Do you enjoy working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Do you like changing the game? Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications 5+ years supporting database infrastructure in a high volume of customer-facing environment 3+ years of data modeling and database design Strong experience in optimizing and performance tuning of large RAC clusters Extensive Oracle Data Guard experience including fast start failover Proficiency with SQL, shell, Perl, &amp; Python languages Experience on any of NoSQL data store such as Voldemort, MongoDB and Couchbase Background in building of a large infrastructure supporting a high volume of transactions in a mission critical environment Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively across multiple business and technical teams Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, tight deadline delivery timeline Aptitude to independently learn new technologies Description We are looking to hire outstanding individuals to join our team of Site Reliability Engineering team to support the database infrastructure. Build and run the Oracle and NoSQL platform that delivers Apple services to all of its customers around the world. Help us build the Apple experience on a global scale. Responsibilities will include Responsible for administration of production, QA and development database infrastructure related to Internet Services Provide database architecture and design solutions Database infrastructure setup, configuration, upgrading/patching,monitoring, and troubleshooting Work with developers in building Relational and Non-Relational data models on Oracle and other NoSQL database technologies Build the automation scripts for database infrastructure Measurement and optimization of system performance Capacity planning and forecast management Participate in new technology evaluation, design and development of highly scalable distributed databases Position requires 24x7on-call support rotation with other team members Education BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 