 Module Design Lead Job Number: 113120835 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 5, 2017 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for all research, design, development, test, and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products. This team is seeking exceptional Hardware Engineers to take leadership roles in development of very high performance compact camera modules. Engineers in this role must take leadership and ownership of camera HW projects from concept to High-production volume ramp where it is handed off to operations. This multidisciplinary role requires engagements with a range of product and technology teams covering many areas of expertise. Key Qualifications This role requires the ability to learn quickly and become familiar with several different technology areas. Ability to lead teams and take responsibility for project success is a requirement. The ideal candidate will be an expert in at least 1-2 of the skill listed below, and have some familiarity with all of the skills listed. 5+ year relevant experience Design and test of compact imaging optical systems Image quality evaluation including test charts, algorithms, and lighting Electronic circuit design and test some power-supply analog. Mechanical design and tolerance analysis of highly constrained, high-production volume designs Image sensor design and characterization Manufacturing processes and process knowledge of high-production volume modules Data analysis and statistics using MATLAB, JMP, Minitab or other mathematical software Description Seeking an experienced hardware engineer to take a leadership role in development of very high performance compact camera modules. The successful engineer in this role will work closely with product and technology teams while taking ownership of camera hardware projects. Core Responsibilities: Definition and trade studies of camera optics, sensors, and packaging Interaction with electrical and mechanical teams on integration of camera HW into products Leadership of off-shore manufacturing partners on camera design evaluation, module prototype builds, and qualification Leadership of camera testing in Apple labs and at manufacturing sites including image quality, electrical, and mechanical testing Evaluation and debugging of camera HW at module and product levels Documentation of camera-specific design, test, and manufacturing requirements The ideal candidate will be able to: Learn quickly and become familiar with several different technology areas Lead teams and take responsibility for project success Education BS/MS/PhD in relevant field (EE, ME, Optics, Physics) Additional Requirements Travel is required to supplier facilities for product development and production bring-up 