 Advanced Manufacturing Engineer - Audio Job Number: 112880382 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Audio Technical Operations division is looking for great Automation and Manufacturing Engineers. Our team is in charge of designing factory assembly stations and processes for various Apple products. Key Qualifications * Previous automation fixture design experience. * Hands-on troubleshooting. * Process optimization concepts (eg. Just-in-time) * Statistical data analysis (Six sigma) Description You will manage the design of, and bring into production fixtures used as part of the assembly process. You will work closely with many different cross-functional teams including Product design, Antenna design, Reliability, among others. The position requires significant management of China and US based Apple vendors. Career, personal, and organizational growth is fast as is our pace. Your role will consist of: - Designing assembly fixtures for factory assembly stations focusing on fixture automation. - Selecting critical components in fixture design for optimal alignment and assembly performance such as pick and place robots, CCD vision systems, and pneumatic actuators. - Leading technical design reviews and fabrication process to meet fixture validation before build events. - Manage design firms to deliver fixtures per our specifications. - Provide on site support at the factory for fixture bring-up / tweaking to ensure line readiness and support station owners. - Provide on site support for qualifying mass-production vendors for fixture duplication. - Up to 35% China travel is required. There may be peak times. Education * 5+ years of experience and BS or MS in ME. Additional Requirements * NX10 or other industrial standard Mechanical CAD software. * Candidate must have excellent verbal/written communication skills. * Candidate must be flexible and capable of handling multi-task operations. * Pneumatics and PLC Controller Programming * Python, SQL Database, RFID, Teamcenter, LabView, Matlab, NX UG, Six Sigma, Minitab or JMP * Experience with Denso/Mitsubishi or other 6-axis robots, Keyence or Cognex CCD/laser components 