 Human Studies Project Specialist, Health Technologies Job Number: 113051173 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Health Technologies Team conceives and proves out exciting new technology for Apple’s future products and features. We are seeking a highly motivated project specialist to join a cross-functional team to work on feasibility assessment and development of health/wellness technology and applications. We are looking for someone who is flexible and can respond quickly, energetically, and enthusiastically to changes. Cross-functional communication skills and experience are essential. The Studies Project Specialist will interact with all engineering disciplines, data analysis, and project management teams. Key Qualifications 2-5+ years of experience in human research. Experience working with and managing external test sites and/or managing vendors. Flexible mindset; able and willing to change direction quickly. Highly organized and hyper-attentive to detail. Thrives in a fast-paced environment. Comfortable receiving direction from multiple people at once. Good at multi-tasking and prioritizing. Independent and self-motivated. Enjoys communicating with people and working with cross-functional groups. Analytical thinker; comfortable entering data and organizing information. Strong organizational and time management skills. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Description Coordinate and manage lifecycle of several studies at once, under the direction of multiple project managers and researchers. Drive study execution by providing oversight of cross-functional study activities, e.g. identifying and managing risks, driving issues to closure, and communicating study timelines and deliverables. Review and finalize study materials in partnership with stakeholders. Maintain change control and good documentation procedures. Work with researchers to procure, prepare, and track study equipment. Work with internal and external partners for smooth study execution. May require some travel. Education B.S. or equivalent in Biology or any engineering discipline. 