 Digital Content Management (DCM) Production Specialist Job Number: 113047122 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Online Store is seeking a web savvy content professional to join the Digital Content Management (DCM) Production team. As a DCM Production Specialist, you will be responsible for programming and maintaining marketing and product catalog content for the Apple Online and Mobile Stores, worldwide. Your primary responsibility is the execution of day-to-day product and merchandising updates to the stores, ensuring quality results while meeting aggressive turnaround deadlines. You will be expected to maintain clean, accurate, well-organized, structured content and product data. You are directly responsible for coordinating production processes, executing updates, and maintaining content featured on web and mobile app Apple Stores. You will play an integral role in supporting and preserving the high quality online shopping experience that is expected from Apple. The ideal candidate has web production experience. You love technology, are extremely detailed, a perfectionist, a problem-solver at heart, and thrive under pressure. You are comfortable dealing with ambiguity, are technically-minded, and take time to study and understand the essence and underlying structure of systems/problems. You must be able to understand and resolve complex technical web/database issues while under pressure. Key Qualifications 3-5 years experience in technology, operations, e-commerce and/or customer support organization. HTML and CSS proficiency Understanding of e-commerce site architecture and maintenance. Comfort with complex database structures and queries. Thrive in the face of ambiguity and constant change. Must work well in the face of aggressive deadlines, while maintaining data integrity and accuracy. Must be willing and able to accommodate flexible work schedule during critical business periods. Must exhibit high degree of ownership and accountability. Strong communication skills Previous e-commerce production experience preferred. JavaScript and HTML5 experience. Foreign language fluency is a plus. Adobe Scene7 experience. Description Execute and maintain product launch and merchandising/program content featured on the Apple Stores, across multiple geos/platforms (both online and on the mobile app), via online store content management applications. Day-to-day creation of merchandising assets, product pages, and campaign pages. Manage versioning of content and image assets across multiple languages and customer segments. Quality assurance of product information, content, and images displayed on the online store. Create and maintain documentation. Independently identify and resolve a wide variety of code integrity and tools issues, and coordinate with internal and external teams to drive timely resolution. Support testing and implementation of new web store features and functionality enhancements. Identify and drive ways to improve production processes and quality of assets delivered. Proactively validate own work to ensure quality. Stay up to speed on new content management systems and feature enhancements to existing tools. Support regional DCM Production Specialists in UK, Singapore, and Japan. Education BA/BS degree, or equivalent 