 Apple Information Security - Software Engineer Job Number: 113006188 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking an extraordinary Software Engineer to focus on managing information security data and making it actionable. Our team is responsible for developing tools to manage and mitigate risks faced by Apple. This is a highly technical, hands-on role that requires a wide and deep experience in managing solutions which generate large volumes of data from a variety of sources and security tools. The successful candidate will design and implement new approaches and tools for security operation teams within Apple Information Security. This position requires practical knowledge of security operations, security concepts and technologies. Application of software solutions to solve information security challenges will be the key focus for this role. Given that the security space is constantly evolving, drive to apply and learn new technologies will be another key asset. Building and maintaining relationships with operational teams will be equally critical to ensure solutions deliver meaningful information to support mission critical analytic tasks. You will be joining a team of highly-skilled, enthusiastic and passionate engineers working on this leading edge and constantly changing space. Key Qualifications Able to research, architect and drive complex technical solutions, consisting of multiple technologies Proficient with various programming languages such as Python/Java/Ruby/Perl/Go for automation or integration with multiple APIs (REST, SOAP, RPC) Experience with data stream and data messaging services, including kafka, kinesis, syslog, fluentd, http Experience with data storage (SQL, no-SQL) technologies and fast path query techniques Experience with common formats such as JSON and compression utilities Working knowledge of network protocols and Linux/Unix system internals and transport protocols (TCP, TLS, HTTP, UDP) Solid understanding of centralized configuration management and provisioning technologies, such as Ansible, Chef, Puppet, etc. Experience implementing and working with open source projects Experience supporting services in distributed or cloud compute environments Strong project management skills, including excellent presentation development Expert in writing detailed solution specifications, diagrams, best practices/standards documentation, operating procedures, test plans/test reports, etc. Excellent communications skills, capable of working with cross functional technical and business teams and varying levels of management, in a professional manner Description • Create, manage and integrate software to automatically direct security event output to analytic systems • Research, proof and develop best-of-breed technologies for security related purposes • Build and support scalable security tool provisioning systems and configuration workflows • Develop solutions that can support large capacity and scale reliably, in a 24/7 environment • Understand and research new and emerging security attack vectors to properly implement security solutions to reduce security risks • Collaborate with the Information Security operational teams to support monitoring capabilities • Operate distributed systems and network based information security tools Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or 7+ years of equivalent, hands-on technology experience in large enterprise environments 