 Data Analyst - Reporting &amp; Analytics - Recruitment Services Job Number: 113079499 Sacramento, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Recruitment Services Data Analyst for Reporting &amp; Analytics is responsible for the execution and rollout of key performance metrics (KPIs), standardized reporting, dashboards and ad hoc reports that support HR/Recruiting leadership by providing timely information and answers to key business questions needed to drive the business forward. The role of the Data Analyst is to turn data into information, and information into insight. It is also integral to informing our stakeholders with meaningful metrics, and visualizations. This role also informs enhancements to various recruiting data management systems and tools to drive continual improvement of the data integrity. This role is responsible to scale the recruitment reporting strategy across the globe, taking into consideration the nuances of the different regions and teams. This includes translating requirements from various stakeholders, interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques, as well as providing feedback to measure impact and effectiveness of the messaging. Specifically, this includes creating, managing and maintaining a prioritization process, support queue, various project plans, schedules, deliverables and status reports. This role is integral to helping shape, implement and drive quality reports, dashboards, metrics and enhanced data integrity that ultimately “tells the recruitment story”. The person we seek will join a team of technology, operations and recruiting professionals who work with the worldwide recruiting organization to deliver recruitment reporting solutions. This role will also work collaboratively with the HR Analytics team. This person must be resourceful, adaptable, creative, and results oriented with high energy and a positive attitude. Key Qualifications Proven ability to proactively establish rapport, credibility and influence, and drive results throughout an organization at all levels. Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects, Tableau, etc.), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks) Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc) Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings. Knowledge of recruiting processes and workflows and be able to support, understand, and enhance the data integrity of our systems. Must have superlative written and verbal skills as well as strong presentation skills. Must be able to balance working in a creatively driven organization, with an analytical and disciplined approach to technology and ability to present solutions in a simple, understandable language to client groups. Uses proven concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Organized, able to provide clear direction for others to understand easily. Description Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. Manage and deliver projects and change initiatives, including educating the teams on metrics, reports, system usage and support. Have a point of view and the ability to influence others to meet the needs of the business operational insights to the Recruiting Leadership Team through analytics and reporting that allow them to make decisions on where and how to use our resources. Connect and provide context and content that becomes the means to train and continuously improve the efficiency and effectivity of Recruiting to deliver. Create Project Plans and a Master Schedule that predicts delivery dates based on an objective analysis. Work on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires and in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercise judgment in influencing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Respond to inquiries quickly and support accurate communications about solutions. Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent is preferred. Focus in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, or Information Management a plus. 3 + years of data analysis and reporting experience. Recruitment services, operations or related project management experience a plus. Additional Requirements Consult &amp; Evolve Able to leverage subject matter expertise to create flexible solutions to real business needs. Build a strong understanding of the recruitment organization and processes you support, build relationships and earn credibility. Manage and deliver business KPIs, reporting and analytics are relevant and “tell the story” to our stakeholders. Possess strong process orientation with an innate curiosity to drive continual improvement and data integrity. Proactively research, develop and adopt competitive and innovative recruitment reporting and analytic practices. Collaborate &amp; Influence Exercise diplomacy and perseverance. Able to gather the “right” resources to create business solutions. Create productive and collaborative partnerships with all key stakeholders. Gather, analyze and synthesize information to make holistic recommendations. Over-communicate plans, progress and wins, yet able to flex and reset based on feedback. Drive &amp; Deliver Self-starter, who takes initiative, “owns” decisions, and is calm in the face of pressure. Willing to get into the details to solve problems &amp; create solutions. Able to demonstrate flexibility, research &amp; investigate multiple options for consideration. Able to juggle competing priorities and drive timely execution of projects. Tenacious in designing elegant solutions that will scale and improve insight, efficiency, productivity, and consistency. 