 Senior DevOps Engineer Job Number: 55724816 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple's Cloud Automation Infrastructure organization provides testing services to all projects contributing to iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS. The Operations team within this organization is responsible for deployment and support of on premise cloud automation capabilities. This team is poised to scale it's operations to support the ever-growing business needs, and we are looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to provide leadership as we grow. This is a unique opportunity to join an early-stage team and influence the direction of the program. Key Qualifications 6+ years experience in driving capacity or operations planning in an evolving and sometimes rapidly changing environment. Networking fundamentals, mainly TCP/IP and a basic understanding in routing and switching protocols. Understanding application layer protocols, (http, soap, dns, smtp, snmp, ssh, tls/ss, etc.). Perform multiple tasks concurrently and respond to emergency situations effectively. Experience in diving deep into telemetry, metrics and usage analysis through the use of data analytics tools. Familiarity with common process improvement methodologies (Lean, Six-Sigma, etc.) and ability to facilitate change management is a plus Description • Provide functional, technical, and process leadership. • Responsible for ensuring high availability and acceptable levels of performance of mission critical infrastructure. • Oversee automated deployments into our production and staging environments. • Must be able to effectively collaborate in a fast paced environment with multiple teams in a large organization (software development, QA, Project/Release Management, Build and Release, etc.) • Drive the design and development of tools to track progress, KPIs, inventory management in collaboration with cross functional teams Education Bachelor’s degree in technical field, such as computer science, engineering 