 Solutions Architect Job Number: 83903319 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 20, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you passionate about designing and prototyping solutions that deliver amazing customer and employee experiences? Do you love the idea of solving a new business, technical problem every other day? Do you enjoy learning new and emerging technologies? Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. We are seeking an experienced, hands-on Solutions Architect to work on multiple applications in various states of the Software Development Life Cycle; including hands on prototyping of your innovative ideas. The ideal candidate would possess 5 or more years experience in designing scalable and performant solutions across all tiers. The ideal candidate would program in serval languages (Server/client side JS, swift, SQL/noSQL, etc). This person would possess deep understanding of server side technology, coupled with hands on database and UI design experience. Ideally, candidate is comfortable performing many different roles. Key Qualifications 5+ years of experience in the software industry Guru software engineer, with experience in server/client side JS, swift, SQL/noSQL, Java, Bash, etc Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication skills Strong analytical, problem solving skills and technical troubleshooting Strong object-oriented design and development experience Expert knowledge of concurrency, scalability and fault tolerant designs Experience and understanding of architectural principles and frameworks (MVC, Spring and Hibernate preferred) Experience with using various distributed caching solutions Experience with testing frameworks, continuous integration and build tools Keen eye for detail and stubborn resolve to drive to high quality deliverables Ability to thrive in a cross-functional team on high profile, critical projects Familiarity building enterprise class front-end applications (web or cocoa apps) Familiarity building messaging, queuing and integration platform Familiarity with version control systems such as Git and Subversion Experience with contact centers is a plus Description • Create requirements and design concepts into high performing Web Services and/or Applications • Work collaboratively with different teams to design and execute on a given technical solution, managing multiple initiatives • Design, develop, test and maintain multiple JS web applications • Design, develop, test and maintain Swift applications • Leading development teams focusing on code quality and high performance, scalable Java code • Knowledge of SQL language and relational database systems and/or key-value database systems • Investigate and resolve any production issues from end user (UI) to persistence layer • Deploy application performance and caching improvement techniques • Experience building complex customer facing workflows • Design meaningful user experiences / interfaces. Education BS/BA degree or equivalent technical experience 