 Mechanical Battery Qualification Engineer Job Number: 55909549 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this role you will utilize your skills as a validation engineer to develop test plans to validate battery packs for next generation consumer electronic products. Responsibilities include interpreting battery mechanical specifications, developing validation plans, performing validation tests, analyzing and reporting test results and reviewing and approving battery pack designs based on data. You will work with suppliers to co-develop, manage and analyze testing at the supplier locations in concert with testing in Cupertino. Key Qualifications Experience in mechanical enclosure development and/or design, testing and qualification with packaging constraints and tolerances, industrial design requirements, and electromechanical interfaces. · Familiarity with Lithium-based battery technologies and packaging requirements is a plus but not a requirement. · Specific design/qualification experience with portable consumer electro-mechanical products or large format batteries will be an advantage but not a must for deserving candidates. · Must have experience with any of the following 3D CAD Tools: Seimens UG, SolidWorks, ProEngineer, etc. · Solid understanding of DOE, GD&amp;T and SPC or CP/CPK techniques. · Experience in Design for Manufacturability (DFM), and Design for Assembly (DFA), statistical tolerance analysis techniques · Strong understanding of mechanical measurement equipment and its use and appropriate application. (Optical inspection, thermo-mechanical, drop, shock, vibration, CT, etc.) · Familiarity with test platforms such as ATE (automated test equipment) utilizing data acquisition and instrumentation control · Mechanical design experience developing small parts, component design, assembly experience is a plus. · Strong understanding of mechanical measurement equipment and its use and appropriate application. (Optical inspection, thermo-mechanical). Knowledge of Gauge R&amp;R, calibration, linearity and bias for measurement equipment. · Understand the basics of Mechanical Dynamic test such as Drop, Shock, Vibration. Other test such as High Temperature High Humidity cycle test. · Experience with mechanical design engineering of any of the following: consumer electronics, small medical devices, automotive/aerospace/industrial components, injection molding, jigs, tooling, fixtures or consumer appliances with tight tolerances will be considered. · Working knowledge with adhesives is a plus · Must rely on data to justify technical decisions · Ability to clearly explain technical issues, communicate well with cross-functional team members, and be able to efficiently collaborate to achieve project goals. Description · Writes validation plans and test procedures to verify conformance to the design requirements based on supplied product specifications · Reviews internal validation data and writes report · Conducts investigations and prepares reports to support investigations · Writes plans, co-develops procedures and analyzes data for validation activities at vendor sites · Reviews and approves design requirements · Reviews CAD to verify conformance to the design requirements and to determine testability · Reviews simulations and calculations to verify conformance to the design requirements · Design various test fixtures using 3D modeling, familiar with standard manufacturing process such as: CNC, machining, stamping, and injection molding · Design test bucks for drop, shock, vibration and other mechanical dynamic test Education BS or MS Degree in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related technical discipline 