 Performance Test Engineer/SDET - Maps Services Job Number: 112978746 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Maps team is looking for technically experienced Performance Engineers to support the performance qualification and analysis of all Maps both client and services. This consists of full stack debugging, consulting with teams and working in a cross function role to have change and impact. This is challenging and requires both passion for solving difficult problems and a good aptitude for performance, scalability and quality. Key Qualifications 8+ Years of experience in Performance Engineering and development Strong practical knowledge of Python and Shell scripting with some basic knowledge of Scala. Experience in implementing modules/libraries for automation. Experience with iOS development is a big plus Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must A healthy balance of performance analysis &amp; linux triage skills Experience in Data Analysis, API and Client performance debugging Strong understanding of Performance Methodologies and Processes. Comfortable working knowledge of UNIX and Java Description In this exciting role, you will need to understand how all the different pieces of Maps services fit together and where all key dependancies lie. Using both internal and open source tools you will be expected to work directly with development teams to ensure we release the most performant Maps experience possible. This includes regression &amp; features testing to find bottlenecks and provide data to the operations team for capacity planning. You will also work closely with the tools team designing and dreaming up the next generation of tools. Education B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent. Additional Requirements Experience performance testing full stack applications from client to bare metal. Good analytical skills and networking knowledge a big plus Working knowledge of Tools or Framework ex. Gatling Experience with a test harness or automated test framework 