 Sr. Software Engineer, Core Services, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113154576 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The iTunes Store is looking for a software engineer to help build innovative features that will delight millions of customers around the world. Key Qualifications Expert knowledge of developing and scaling Java web applications with very stringent latency requirements. Strong object oriented design and analysis skills coupled with a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms. Experience working with Apache Solr / Apache Lucene. Experience in designing and implementing RESTful APIs. Experience working with object relational databases like Hibernate, Enterprise Objects Framework etc. Exceptional debugging, critical thinking, and communication skills. Knowledge of JVM based languages like Clojure is a plus. Experience with one or more of the NoSQL solutions (Memcached / Redis / Voldemort / Cassandra / MongoDB etc.) is a plus. Experience writing effective unit and integration tests. Description You will be part of the server team that powers various features within the Apple client applications - iTunes, App Store, iBooks, Podcast, Apple Music etc. You will be working cross functionally with various teams across Apple to deliver some really exciting features to our customers. Thinking about web service performance is a constant thing for us and we are looking for someone like minded. If you are used to thinking about performance in terms of median, 95th percentile and 99th percentile, then we are absolutely looking for you! Our ideal candidate would be someone who is not afraid to question assumptions, is a good team player under tight deadlines and tackles problems with elegant technical solutions. Education BS or MS in Computer Science. 5 years professional software engineering experience preferred. Additional Requirements Build large scale web-based projects and features, ensuring robust &amp; maintainable solutions are implemented with special attention to performance and usability details. Effectively demonstrate feature prototypes to executives. Develop, advocate for, and build consensus on, coding best practices. Ability to effectively work with cross functional teams to understand requirements and engineer highly performant implementations. Experience with architecting web applications that scale to millions of requests per second is highly preferred. 