 Consumer Offer Lead, US Carrier Sales Job Number: 57982902 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. The Consumer Offer Lead is responsible for developing and delivering on innovative iPhone and iPad consumer offers within the US market. This position is crucial in ensuring the iPhone and iPad have the broadest reach and accessibility across all the US consumers. This position will report to the Carrier Sales &amp; Business Development leader for the US and will work with a cross functional team to formulate strategies, conduct analysis, and deliver on driving break through consumer offers for the iPhone and iPad business in the US. Key Qualifications 10+ years of commercial experience in carrier, vendor and/or telecoms business environment Understanding of carrier economics with regards to financial reporting, ROI, product costing and ARPU Strong data analytical ability with the usage of MS Excel Detail oriented with the ability to input, track, measure and analyze multiple variable data sets Knowledge of smartphone/tablet products and market trends Possess good customer insight and purchasing behavior Self-starter who is able to work independently to develop new areas Description Here's what you'll be doing and what we are looking for: - You will develop strategies supported by creative problem-solving - You will be simplifying and synthesizing complex structures to communicate value effectively - Your strengths are in finding opportunities, creating solutions, and driving collaboration among key partners. - You have a consistent track record of being able to deliver on driving support with external partners - You have product management experience and firm understanding of business principles - You have a strong foundation in consumer financing constructs - installments, lease, etc. Education Bachelors required, MBA strongly preferred. Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 