 Sr. CAD Engineer – Circuit simulation &amp; co-simulation flow &amp; methodology Job Number: 113123417 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 6, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a senior member of our CAD team, you will architect, develop, maintain and enhance design and simulation flows and methodology for digital/mixed-signal/analog transistor level circuit simulations, and Spice/Verilog co-simulations. Key Qualifications Typically requires 5+ years of industry experience in circuit design flows and/or related CAD/automation support areas involving various technology nodes and tapeout. Proficiency with SPICE and digital simulators, including Spectre/APS/XPS, AFS(BDA), Hspice, NCSim, XA, irun, VCS etc. Deep knowledge on DC/Transient, Cross corner PVT, Aging/Reliablity analysis, Monte Carlo simulations, and AMS designer. Strong ability to solve simulation accuracy and speed issues. Experience in evaluating simulation-related CAD tool/product applications, and driving EDA vendors to meet design requirements. Understanding of behavioral models and hardware description languages for circuits, Verilog, Verilog-AMS, and SystemVerilog. Strong ability to debug and solve digital/analog co-simulation issues. Experience in clock network simulation and analysis. Knowledge of PDK and spice models qualification. Very efficient programming skills in languages like: Perl, Python, TCL, Shell, C/C++, etc. Ability to provide automations for rapid and dynamic design needs. Candidate should be a team player with good written and verbal communication skills, and able to work with cross-functional teams. Experience in the following areas would be a plus: Virtuoso, ADE, Layout, LVS/DRC, pcells, and extraction; irun, ncsim, ncvlog; Transistor level static timing and EMIR analysis; Circuit and physical design knowledge; Perforce, flow regressions Description The role requires the candidate to work with different technology nodes and provide flows/methodologies for the different tool sets. Working in a small CAD team, you will be interfacing with the digital/mix-signal/analog circuit design, layout team, technology team, clock team, and 3rd party EDA tool vendors to drive and coordinate effort of developing, validating, and bringing up transistor level circuit design environment and flows, enhancing custom checks and data generation. Education MS / PhD preferred in a technical discipline. 