 Motion Sensing Hardware Engineer Job Number: 57812048 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This individual will play a key role in specifying, developing, characterizing, and validating motion sensing systems. Applicant must be familiar with MEMS sensor technologies such as inertial sensor performance metrics, inertial sensor usage and limitations, and system integration. The Motion Sensing Hardware Team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people and cutting edge technologies. This team defines and integrates MEMS, magnetic and capacitive sensors across a variety of Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, Watch, and MacBooks. Engineering excellence and thoroughness are expected and encouraged. Invention and patent creation are expected and supported. Pushing the envelope to design and ship innovative products with best-in-class technologies and user experiences is the main goal of this sensing technology team at Apple. Key Qualifications 4+ years of hands-on experience and proven track record in sensing system hardware engineering. Fundamental knowledge and experience in physics, mechanical, electrical, and material science engineering. Experience interfacing microcontrollers with analog and digital sensors. Practical knowledge of C/C++, embedded programming, and signal processing. Solid board bring-up and debugging skills. Proficient in data collection, data analysis, and statistical analysis tools (Matlab, Python, JMP). Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills. The willingness and ability to travel are required. Description Core Responsibilities: Develop and support qualification hardware and procedures to validate sensor specifications in system. Diagnose engineering issues with true scientific method driving to definitive root cause. Identify, create, and document new sensing system metrics that deliver performance and matter to customer perception. Support internal proof-of-concept hardware and software developments for new application investigations. Work cross-functionally to identify and specify critical performance parameters and error sensitivities. Develop measurement methods and equipment that are repeatable, reproducible, and automated as appropriate to enable thorough validation coverage of sensors on tight development schedules. Support engineering build activities with performance validation measurements, yield optimization, and failure analysis coordination. Work with suppliers to proactively identify and resolve issues. Analyze trade-offs among performance, manufacturability, size, schedule and cost. Travel to supplier facilities and manufacturing sites for production validation and issues resolution. Create and help improve engineering requirements specifications for sensors. Prepare and deliver presentations to clearly communicate technical status, risks and mitigation strategies for ongoing sensing system programs. Education Requires PhD degree in engineering or BS/MS degree plus a minimum of 4 years of relevant industry experience. 