 Silicon Validation Test and Triage Engineer Job Number: 38358665 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 16, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do you love the excitement of post-Silicon validation? Do you have many years of experience in silicon test or system triage? Come talk to us. We are looking for superstars in the growing Silicon Validation Debug and Regressions (SiVal D&amp;R) team. SiVal D&amp;R performs system-on-chip (SoC) testing/validation, bug triage/debug, and develops SoC debug tools. Key Qualifications Strong background in post-Silicon validation: silicon bringup, testing and debug Burning desire to improve the quality of our SoCs Experience with diligently executing multiple Silicon test plans on time, or successfully triaging Silicon-in-system failures Comfortable working primarily in a lab environment Good experimental technique, techniques of problem localization and root-cause Good data analysis skills In addition to the key qualifications above, a successful candidate will have a few of these: Scripting: eg. Perl, python, Tcl/Expect, bash Mac OS/X and network system administration Office productivity tools: Word, Excel, powerpoint Lab equipment: logic analyzers, oscilloscopes Soldering and reworking of board components Knowledge of ASIC design flow, Silicon foundry test flow Understanding of PVT (process, voltage, temperature) testing, shmoo plots System level understanding of CPU/SoC architecture, DRAMs, printed circuit boards Special SoC IP knowledge (eg. USB, DDR, etc) Computer system architecture, operating systems and boot loader principles Silicon bug hunting and finding experience - functional bugs, electrical bugs, performance bugs, speed path failures Description The job comprises two functions: PVT testing and Triage of failed chips and prototype units. You will own and execute on the Silicon characterization test plan, triaging issues encountered. You will help triage failed units from other testing performed by other groups at Apple. You will also ensure that the lab environment you and your peers need is functional -- host computers, network file servers, network switches, regression racks, debug cables, thermal stations, etc. Education BS/MS in EE or Computer Engineering 