 Technical Program Manager - SIP Job Number: 113182636 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, the successful candidate will be the resident factory expert in manufacturing process, yields and overall factory readiness for mass production. In this technical lead role, your ability to combine knowledge of MLB module manufacturing with mechanics and manufacturing process / process controls and deliver results on a tight timeline is a must. The TPM will work in conjunction with the New Production Introduction group as well as a cross functional team of Design, Supplier Quality, Test, Service and Technical Program Engineers to ensure top quality products and services from the CM and drive excellence into everything we do. Key Qualifications Demonstrated technical skills including experience and thorough understanding of PCBA, Assembly, Test, and Pack-out processes. Highly motivated and able to drive closure of issues across cultures. In depth knowledge in quality methodologies with command of tools including statistical analysis, DOE, FMEA etc. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, ability to concisely understand and communicate issues and lead a team to solution. Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Creates formal networks involving coordination among groups. Excellent communicator who can translate high-level goals into tangible action plans. Excellent project management skills Program / Project Management experience preferred. Experience working in a matrix organization. At least 5+ years experience providing technical support of high volume consumer electronics. Knowledge of optical devices (such as LED) and adhesive is a big plus. DOE, SPC, Failure Analysis. Excellent debugging skills. Must have demonstrable ability to solve problems under pressure. Excellent English language skills required Description Provide TOTAL ownership of the factory output, yield, quality and readiness to ramp volume. Drive lessons learned into designs and use predictive methods to anticipate and avoid quality issue early in development cycle. Maintain open MIL and drive to closure prior to mass production start. Provide leadership and drive yield &amp; operational excellence expectations with CMs through direct interaction, continuous communication, and continuous improvement efforts. Drive continuous yield improvement activities with CMs. Track CM performance through objective measurement systems as well as audits and on line verification. Implement communication plan, providing summary and corrective action plans through life cycle of products. Executive level status reports on a weekly cadence Escalate key concerns and options for resolutions to senior management. 30-35% Travel Education BS/MS in Engineering field, such as Chemistry, Material, Optical, EE, or ME. 