 Hardware System Integrator Job Number: 113155367 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We’re a diverse collection of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. We are seeking an enthusiastic electrical engineer to join our Engineering Team and work on revolutionary products. This is a design engineering position that entails working with cross-functional groups to continually push the envelope of technology implemented in Apple’s products. Responsibilities: Schematic capture Manage PCB layout design Prototype, bring-up and debugging System integration Functional verification Signal characterization Working with and managing suppliers/manufacturing partners Hardware bug tracking Key Qualifications BS/MS EE or CE 5+ years relevant industry experience designing consumer electronics and/or embedded systems Must have great EE fundamentals (analog/digital design, signal/power integrity, etc.) Experience in a lab environment using oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, frequency counters, etc. Must have experience designing high volume products from beginning to end and dealing with contract manufacturers Experience with high-speed communication protocols such as DDR, PCIe, USB, LPDP, MIPI Experience in the following areas is important: system integration, processor selection, analog integration, audio design and measurement, sensor design and integration &amp; low power design Tools: Cadence Concept &amp; Allegro Position will require some international travel. Description Apple is an equal opportunity employer. 