 Engineering Project Manager - Applied Machine Learning Job Number: 86354603 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 19, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s Applied Machine Learning team has built systems for a number of large-scale data science applications. We work on many high-impact projects that serve various Apple lines of business. We use the latest in open source technology and as committers on some of these projects, we are pushing the envelope. Working with multiple lines of business, we manage many streams of Apple-scale data. We bring it all together and extract the value. We do all this with an exceptional group of software engineers, data scientists, dev-ops engineers and managers. Key Qualifications Excellent verbal and written communicator Self starter Detail and action oriented Ability to learn and adapt quickly Creative / Innovate and strategic Good leader, delegator and motivator Attitude towards work that promotes an enjoyable work experience across teams, despite being extremely fast-paced Strong knowledge of IT project lifecycle Knowledge of key architecture components Excellent communication skills to effectively interact, influence and communicate at various levels of the organization 5+ years of experience in managing technical projects using Agile and Waterfall methodologies Description Apple is seeking an experienced senior engineering project manager who has the right mix of technical and project management skills to successfully deliver complex cross-functional projects in Apple’s fast-paced environment. We're looking for an individual with a proven track record of delivering innovative projects, with various scale and complexity, that meet business goals within time and budget. A self-motived individual who is able to grasp new technical concepts quickly, adapt and respond quickly to change and effectively liaison between various functional groups. The project manager will be responsible to work with business and technical teams during the full lifecycle development process – including requirements analysis, design, development, deployment, testing and maintenance. In addition, lead the team in delivering solutions at a highest standard that meets business and Apple goals, while maintaining industry and Apple Information Technology best standards. Lead teams composed of multiple departments and functions with only consultative direction from management. In addition, this role will be responsible for the following: - Successfully develop and execute work plans by managing scope, schedule, deliverables, and resource allocation - Actively and efficiently collaborate with business and engineering teams on innovative solutions, requirements, scope, and project deliverables - Proactively identify and communicate project issues and risks - Prioritize issues while negotiating and setting appropriate expectations with team members, stakeholders and senior management - Prioritize team activities and drive resolution of issues across all areas of the project - Manage the development of technical documentation and post-launch support Education BA/BS in Computer Science or related field with 3-5 years of experience a plus Project Management certification a plus 