 Inventory Management Program Lead Job Number: 113034204 Mesa, Arizona, United States Posted: Oct. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Deployment Inventory Analyst will be responsible for identifying and planning the necessary materials to meet data center deployment operations while leading a variety of projects for a mission critical datacenter environment. This position requires experience managing inventory across multiple locations to meet time-sensitive operational needs and necessitates a highly motivated individual with strong communication and project tracking skills. This person will have strong forecasting, planning, and coordination skills to prepare Apple’s Data Center environment for high volume operations. This supply planner will have expertise with supply chain management concepts - forecasting, planning, MRP, inventory optimization, logistics – gained through work experience – preferably in a data center environment. Key Qualifications The candidate must combine exceptional analytical capabilities with communication and coordination skills Must be a strong team player and have experience working extensively with cross functional teams Candidate should be excellent at visual storytelling and comfortable presenting to senior management Extensive experience forecasting, planning, and coordinating in a highly scalable environment. Material Management experience is required. Excellent knowledge of product lifecycle, automation, processes, and operations planning Develop &amp; refine KPI’s to measure operational performance and process compliance Ability to pull together many sources of information into a coherent deployment plan Experience with Supplier Relationship Management, RFPs, purchase order generation, inventory tracking, and building &amp; maintaining supplier standards Responsible for coordinating with Site Inventory Specialists, vendors and contract labor to develop and execute inventory plans Excellent ability to generate analytical models, problem solve, and manage inventory to meet Data Center objectives 5-7+ years of planning experience in operations planning, inventory planning, or production/manufacturing environments Description Forecasts demand, plans for required inventory, and directs routing of materials to meet Apple Data Center build schedules. Generates weekly, monthly, and quarterly supply and routing plans that meet Apple Data Center supply availability objectives. Evaluates risk to the deployment schedules and implements contingency plans to mitigate risk. Identifies improvement opportunities in the deployment planning process, coordinates resources, and drives projects/deployments to completion. This role will be integral to helping scale to the growth in Apple’s Data Center environment.This position, with other Deployment Planners, will report to the Deployment Planning Manager. Education Bachelor's degree and Data Center experience preferred; Experience managing inventory across multiple locations highly preferred Prior experience in fields that demand quantitative forecasting analysis is desired. Prior experience in operations planning, supply chain and inventory management, or production/manufacturing operations is required 