 Manager, Data Science - Apple Media Products Commerce Engineering Job Number: 113154402 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Commerce Data Science team operates on one of the richest commerce data sets in the world. We are responsible for building models to allow us to understand the purchasing patterns from our iTunes/App Store/BookStore panel of millions of shoppers globally. We are looking for a talented, self-moltivated, experienced hands-on data science manager to lead this team. This person will build our data science and machine learning team and develop a long-term roadmap where modeling will have a huge material impact in savings in financial cost while maintaining the Apple brand of trust, using cutting edge technology. Key Qualifications 5+ years of work experience in data modeling and machine learning 3+ years of experience managing teams Hands on experience in SQL, Excel, Linux and OLAP, SAS, R and/or Python. Experience in Machine learning (decision trees, multivariate and logistic regression, kNN, kMeans, etc.) Strong applied analytical skills. Experience with time series analysis and statistical learning techniques (regression, inference, imputation, clustering, estimation, optimization, Bayesian methods, etc) Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Experience in projects involving cross-functional teams. Expertise in Big Data, Hadoop, and Spark Description We leverage the wealth of iTunes/Apps Store/iBooks Store purchase transaction data to build a wide range of probabilistic models and leverage our technological infrastructure to provide the best user purchasing and sign up experiences that drive acquisition, loyalty and savings. If you love to work with data, this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you will not be able find anywhere else in the world. In this role, you will create your own data models around the wealth set of commerce data. You will also be also working in one of the world's largest and most complex data warehouse environments. You will work with the metrics, analytics, and anti-fraud teams. You should be passionate and have deep expertise the creation and modeling of datasets and the proven ability to translate the data into meaningful cost savings and user experience insights around features such as Apple Music, payment sign up, subscription optimizations, etc. You will lead for our team of data scientists and bring the data together to answer business questions to play an integral role in strategic decision-making. Through the fruits of your data models and collaboration with the other key teams, the Commerce Engineering team will engineer and execute on your recommendations. So excellent communication skills are a must. In addition, you will work with business owners to develop and define key business questions and prioritize the work across your team in order to support the wide range of business initiatives. You are required to have a solid understanding of efficient and scalable data mining and an ability to use the data in financial and statistical modeling. Education BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related technical field. PhD preferred. 