 Sr. Product Strategist, Search Ads Job Number: 113045931 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Search Ads is an easy, efficient and fast-growing platform for app discovery. With over 65% of all app downloads resulting directly from a search on the App Store, Search Ads is quickly becoming the app promotion platform of choice for iOS developers. We’re looking for a Market Strategist to support our growing Search Ads business. In this role, you’ll help the Product team with planning and prioritization of growth initiatives. You’ll be responsible for developing recommendations and crafting solutions to complex, ambiguous and high-visibility business issues, with the goal of driving significant business growth. Key to this role will be a strong understanding of the mobile marketing ecosystem, notably a focus on the app advertising business. Key Qualifications As a Sr. Product Strategist, you’ll build business cases for new initiatives, with a focus on assessing opportunity in expansion markets for Search Ads. Key to this role will be use of syndicated research to assess new markets, as well as partnership with cross-functional teams to establish go-to-market play books. You’ll drive recommendations and best practices related to emerging industry trends in the search/mobile/app-install marketing ecosystem, and provide relevant insights into social/industry mentions of our product, competitive platform strengths and weaknesses, and ongoing analysis of industry trends and key performance indicators (KPIs) to inform the future product roadmap. You’ll work with Analytics and Sales/Marketing teams to generate insights and produce marketing collateral/white papers to demonstrate the value of Search Ads to existing and potential customers. Description - 6 to 8+ years of experience, ideally in the digital advertising industry, in a business/investment analyst, consulting, or product/program management role. - Solid understanding of digital advertising landscape and KPIs for web/mobile. Familiarity with search engine marketing (SEM) and/or app-install marketing preferred. - Experience working with APAC markets, with demonstrated knowledge of cultural and market nuances. - Extraordinary communication and social skills with the ability to listen effectively, socialize ideas across functions, and articulate the product strategy. - Excellent project management and organizational skills. - Intelligent self starter with an analytical orientation, strategic vision, consensus building skills, and an ability to work effectively . - Strong personal code of ethics, integrity, diversity and trust. - Strong quantitative and problem solving skills, with the ability to synthesize and distill large amounts of data into action plans. Financial analysis and forecasting skills are critical. Education BA/BS in Marketing, Business Administration, Analytics or related field. MBA or advanced graduate degree preferred. 