 Sensor Test - Validation Engineer Job Number: 113164615 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for all research, design, development, calibration, test and qualification of camera &amp; sensing hardware for Apple products. This team is seeking for an exceptional sensing hardware Test/Validation Engineer with responsibilities of developing and deploying the test infrastructure for the mass production of various sensing hardware for Apple product line. Key Qualifications At least 3 years of relevant experience Good fundamental EE skills Exceptional HW/SW problem solving skill. Good SW development skills. Especially the position requires the proficient C/C++ programing and various algorithm prototyping and development skill. Objective-C Experience is plus. Also, the board level FW development experience would be highly appreciated. Familiarity with mechanical design would be big plus. Experience with prototyping the solutions, bench testing methodology and testing environments for any sensing hardware would be big plus. Professional Level Optical Engineering expertise would be big plus. Familiarity with processing mass production test result would be big plus (statistical analysis) Strong communication, documentation and presentation skill Strong knowledge of Sensing Hardware would be big plus. Self-motivated professional Description Core Responsibilities: Develop the prototype test solution (HW/SW) for the characterization, calibration and testing various sensing hardware. Authoring the test plan documentation and Test &amp; Calibration SW Design, develop and deploy the test/calibration infrastructure for MP Performing the large scale build data analysis Deliver executive level presentation Education BS/MS Electrical Engineering or equivalent Additional Requirements Frequent travel to both Apple and suppliers' facilities will be required for the test infrastructure bring up. 