 Commerce Software Engineer, Apple Media Products Job Number: 56206732 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 5, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Media Products Commerce Engineering team is searching for a successful Software Engineer for commerce interactions including Account Creation, Manage Payment Info, Content Purchase, In-App purchase, subscriptions and more. Join our exciting engineering team that has been at the forefront of the digital distribution industry by constantly developing state of the art features since its launch. The position requires someone who's familiar with the software design cycle. The role has a focus on developing and maintaining fraud detection and prevention of payment processing and related functions in a high performance distributed system. Key Qualifications Exceptional Java programming skills Object-oriented programming Deep experience in Unix/Linux Entity relationship modeling Experience with Key/Value Stores Experience programming for eventual consistency Experience or interest in fraud detection Description This position covers all aspects of engineering solution for fraud detection and prevention related to payment processing and related functions in iTunes store. We are looking for a high-energy individual who is not afraid to question assumptions and with excellent written and oral skills. In this role, you will cover fraud detection and prevention related to functions for all payment types worldwide, ensuring secure signup of payment method in iTunes store and purchasing of all types of content on the iTunes Store (from ringtones, songs to apps, in-apps and subscriptions) using such payment methods. You will work on payment method signup with iTunes account, including payment method verification, risk evaluation and business policy definition and implementation etc. You will be responsible for features to safeguard purchasing of all types of content using different payment methods, including account authentication, multiple factor of verification to verify account and payment identity, risk decision of transaction. Building features of commerce interaction to ensure the best user experience while ensuring payment security, you will also create features to enable management permission and usage of iTunes accounts and their associated payment methods. Working closely with other teams as well as other departments of Apple, including business, operations, data science etc., you will build features related to fraud integration to ensure free flow of commerce data and fraud decision across systems. You will interact with payment providers worldwide for fraud related integration and data exchange between iTunes and the global payment providers. Education BS in STEM, or equivalent work experience 