 Enterprise Training Content Developer - iOS App Dev Job Number: 113132014 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Staffing, Training, &amp; Communications (ST&amp;C) is responsible for training and enabling salespeople and engineers across Apple’s global channels, including mobile carriers, consumer electronics stores, and enterprise partners. Your work will be key in informing salespeople and engineers around the world about Apple products and helping them deliver a great customer experience. The Enterprise and Education Training team within ST&amp;C is looking for a Technical Training Content Developer focused on iOS app development to expand our curriculum of technical training courses. The Content Developer will produce developer training content which includes sample code projects, working apps, labs, and written tutorials for a variety of developer audiences including Apple internal, channel technical sales teams, and external technical professionals in businesses of all sizes. Developed content will address core Apple tools and technologies including the Swift programming language, Xcode, Playgrounds, Interface Builder, Storyboards, iOS frameworks (UIKit, CoreLocation, MapKit, etc), and Apple hardware capabilities. The candidate must be able to work under tight deadlines in a fast-paced dynamic environment that demands high quality, technical accuracy, and consistency. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with mobile product development including designing and building iOS apps end-to-end and writing advanced code in the Swift programming language. Familiarity with Apple developer and deployment programs and submitting apps to the App Store or B2B distribution is desirable. Key Qualifications 5+ years technical training content development/instructional design experience creating innovative technical training solutions within high-tech companies Professional software development experience Proven exceptional writing skills and the ability to distill complex topics and procedures into simple and understandable language Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to facilitate collaborative, cross-functional decision-making processes Strong presentation, communication and interpersonal skills Exceptional ability to listen and build rapport with a wide range of cultures and personalities Strong understanding of, and experience with, iOS app development technologies Examples of excellent oral and written communication skills Experience working collaboratively with peers on multi-faceted projects Strong knowledge of Apple products and platforms Description Develop engaging and concise course materials to support self-paced and instructor-led training delivered through a variety of methods including classroom, web, and mobile devices. Work closely with training management, global partners, regional trainers, editors, evaluators and creative services partners to gather information, refine learning objectives, and produce the right training solutions at the right time. Apply Apple standards to all aspects of work projects, producing elegant, focused and accurate information about complex topics. Keep up-to-date and current with Apple products and technologies with an emphasis on iOS app development. Collaborate extensively with other project team members, including editors, graphic designers, engineers, and marketers, to receive and incorporate feedback appropriately. Manage your time independently and meet all scheduled deadlines. View and interpret data from various sources (customer feedback, analytics reports, usability tests, and so on) for guidance on ways to improve the quality and effectiveness of assigned deliverables. Education 4 year degree or relevant work experience 