 Senior Software Engineer, Core Services Platform Job Number: 112915655 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 21, 2017 Job Summary Are you a techie with a passion for software? Are you excited at the prospect of building expertise in mobile advertising and its technology stack? If so, we’d like to talk to you! At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Search Ads in App Store and Apple News. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. We are seeking an experienced software architect/senior engineer who is passionate about creating high-performing, scalable, well-designed back-end systems that are the foundation for critical internal and customer-facing platforms at Apple. As a senior developer you will take ownership of a solution from beginning to end and deliver great software to help drive usage and monetization within Apple News and other platforms. The Core Services Platform team designs and builds best of breed systems for dealing with our complex and ever-growing data and infrastructure needs that deliver advertising data to Ad Server and Big Data pipelines. The team is directly responsible for systems that are used by thousands of advertisers, publishers and developers and has high visibility in the mobile advertising space. Key Qualifications 5 or more years of industry experience in server-side Java programming (working in large-scale systems a plus) Experience in designing and implementing RESTful APIs Experience and deep understanding of scalable distributed systems like Cassandra, Solr, Kafka and/or Hadoop Demonstrated experience architecting, developing and deploying internet-scale, distributed and mission critical services Experience working on complex problems and systems where scalability and performance are extremely important (every millisecond counts) Experience with Spring/Hibernate is desirable Relational database experience and demonstrated abilities in SQL and data modeling is required. Proficiency with NoSQL databases is desired as well Strong problem solving and debugging skills are required Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams Results oriented and deadline driven A desire to work in a fast-paced and challenging work environment Prior experience in advertising industry is a huge plus Description Core Services Platform team encapsulates the entire data model, and provides an abstraction layer upon which all other parts of the platform are built. We are the glue between a number of teams within Ad Platforms and also integrate with other software teams around the company. As a key contributor to this team, you will design and develop secure and scalable back-end systems that deliver key business data to ad servers and big data pipelines. You will build and maintain interfaces used by both internal systems and thousands of developers and advertisers world-wide. We are looking for engineer who is self-motivated, has great design instincts, and enjoys working cross-functionally. The right candidate will enjoy high-performing, elegant systems from the ground up, in close partnerships with various teams around you. He or she will also possess keen judgement in selecting technologies and building the right solution for the interesting challenges we get to solve here. Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent is required Master's degree preferred 