 Optical Sensor Engineer - Exploratory Design Group Job Number: 113047327 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is a hands-on role, working on an optical science team within a highly multi-disciplinary group to demonstrate new optical sensor concepts. You will exercise both your technical breadth and your deep understanding of optical devices and systems. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 5+ total years of experience with optical and/or device physics, some industrial experience developing products based on new technology, and most of the following: Excellent grasp of optical physics fundamentals. Hands-on experience implementing and testing optical devices and systems. Experience constructing and validating models of optical devices, based on first principles and empirical data. Solid understanding of optical systems, laser and non-laser optical sources, and optical measurement techniques. Understanding of the impact of coherence on optical systems. Proficiency at C, Matlab, Python or similar programming. Experience with sequential and/or non-sequential ray-tracing, optical waveguide design, optical mode-solvers, or simulation of diffraction effects. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Ability to work well in a team environment. Description As an Optical Sensor Engineer, you will: •Work with the team to invent, implement and validate optical sensor concepts. •Design, simulate, and specify optical devices and sub-systems to meet project requirements. •Work with external vendors to fabricate custom devices. •Characterize performance of optical devices, sub-systems and systems relative to project requirements. •Identify causal relationships between observed performance and design parameters. •Interpret empirical data and reconcile it with first-principles analytical and/or numerical simulations. Education Masters degree or PhD in Physics, Applied Physics, Optics, EE, or related field is required. 