 Senior Sensor &amp; Algorithm Architect Job Number: 49992043 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Dec. 2, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Design, develop, and launch next-generation Sensor Technologies in Apple products. The Sensor Hardware team develops Sensor solutions and technologies for Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, MacBooks, and more. The key goal of the Sensor Technology team is to enable the world’s best user-experience. New challenges arise everyday that require the sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. We are looking for Sensor &amp; Algorithm System Architects to develop new Sensors and Sensing Systems for future Apple products. Key Qualifications Expertise in Algorithm architecture, optimization of needed resources and on a code based on component approach Demonstrated working proficiency in algorithms development / signal processing as applied to sensor systems Exceptional expertise with C/C++ and code optimizations for embedded system. Strong experience in 3D Image processing Expertise in code optimization against EMI, EMC and any types of noise/interference sources Strong experience in adaptive filters, neural networks and machine learning systems Multi-disciplinary understanding of EE, ME, and Physics principles Background in control systems and / or estimation theory Demonstrated experience in modeling complex cross-disciplinary systems Experience with sensor interfacing, signal conditioning, and signal-to-noise analysis Proficiency in MATLAB, SPICE, or similar simulation and modeling tools. Experience with statistical tolerance analysis in a production setting is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills. Previous experience in a technical leadership role, guiding development projects and/or technical teams is a plus Description Develop and maintain comprehensive, cross-functional sensor system models Feature definition, block-level simulation, and spec authorship of sensor modules Development and negotiation of cross-functional requirements to ensure module performance Development of detailed sensor module and algorithm architecture specifications Analyze engineering and production data sets in order to reconcile system model Develop advanced algorithms to ensure module performance working closely with firmware team Work closely with mechanical and HW engineering team in optimizing material, mechanical and electronic design trade-offs Guarantee non regression and good testability of the code Author regular technical communication for executive and cross-functional briefings Education M.S. or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or industry experience equivalent. 