 Module Design Lead (LED) Job Number: 112868619 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for all research, design, development, test, and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products. This team is seeking exceptional Hardware Engineers to take leadership roles in development of very high performance compact camera modules. Engineers in this role must take leadership and ownership of camera HW projects from concept to High-production volume ramp where it is handed off to operations. This multidisciplinary role requires engagements with a range of product and technology teams covering many areas of expertise. Key Qualifications Prerequisites: 1) Masters Degree or higher in electrical or optical engineering. Undergraduates with passion for illumination will be considered if they have relevant experience. 2) Leadership and ability to run a team. The person selected will be directly responsible for the LED module design and integration into system. This is a cross functional role working with vendors, EE, Product design and industrial design teams. 3) Understanding of color science preferably as related to digital imaging and integration with cameras. 4) Understanding of battery based electrical driver architectures. Ability to assess different architectures. 5) Understanding of process and assembly for LED’s, LED electrical boards, Optics integration. 6) Ability to travel internationally up to 20% Preferred: 1) Optical design experience or knowledge of Lightools or similar modeling software. 2) Matlab programming 3) Understanding of statistical modeling. Experience working with and interpreting large datasets using statistical software such as JMP or minitab. 4) 3+ years experience with LED module processing, Lens manufacturing, or component SMT. Knowledge of injection molding methodology and DFM a plus. Description Seeking an experienced hardware engineer to take a leadership role in development of very high performance LED modules. The successful engineer in this role will work closely with product and technology teams while taking ownership of LED modules. Core Responsibilities: • Definition and trade studies of Optics, Emitter design, and packaging • Interaction with electrical and mechanical teams on integration of LED module into products • Leadership of off-shore manufacturing partners on module design evaluation, prototype builds, and qualification • Leadership of LED module testing in Apple labs and at offshore manufacturing sites including illumination, electrical, and mechanical testing • Evaluation and debugging of LED module at component, module, and product levels • Documentation of module-specific design, test, and manufacturing requirements The ideal candidate will be able to: • learn quickly and become familiar with several different technology areas • lead teams and take responsibility for project success Education BS/MS/PhD in relevant field (EE, ME, Optics, Physics) Additional Requirements Travel is required to supplier facilities for product development and production bring-up 