 Apple News Product Marketing Mgr., Publisher Tools Job Number: 52399385 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple News Product Marketing Manager will work closely with a cross-functional group to assist in defining and marketing new features and services. This role will focus on two areas: Publisher tools and authoring technologies. The successful candidate will need to have strong experience in user experience, product design, and development. A strong understanding of technology, the process of software engineering and UI design, plus a keen sense of diplomacy are all absolutely necessary. Must be passionate about news, magazines, and blogs. Will assist with driving product positioning, messaging, introduction, maintenance, and/or obsolescence of features, products, and services. Key Qualifications Software engineering, user-interface design, or product management experience Thorough knowledge of iOS, macOS, and core web technologies Deep understanding of newspaper and magazine digital publishing workflows and tools, and leading content management systems 5+ years of experience in software product and/or service development Ability to operate seamlessly between highly detailed and technical situations and strategic thinking Very strong oral and written communication skills Very strong presentation skills A patient, yet passionate attitude Description Develops organizational consensus on strategy and vision for publisher tools, authoring, and Apple News Format. Carries this strategy and vision across the organization to influence the design and implementation of each product. Discerns new product areas to develop and assist in the development of the product line strategy. Creates and promotes a culture of product development within Apple. Manages the process used to define a product's features. Identifies new product areas to develop the overall product strategy. Communicates and positions the product in relation to other products. Normally works on new product areas. Drives the definition of complex, mission critical products, assisting in the development of the product line strategy. Requires strong diplomacy skills to build consensus between competing business needs and objectives. Drives successful tradeoffs that affect cost, schedule, customers, and how well the product works throughout the product life cycle. Provides product leadership from introduction through obsolescence, evaluates new technologies, articulates issues, and makes clear recommendations. Makes product positioning recommendations to executives and counterparts. Drives and participates in user-experience research to identify obstacles, improve ease-of-use and customer satisfaction. Articulates research findings to management in order to impact future product direction. Creates and delivers formal presentations and conducts group discussions on products for a broad range of Apple audiences. Helps develop and review public relations and marketing communications materials such as collateral, press releases, and data sheets. Independently identifies and analyzes the possible impact of competitive/3rd party products on Apple's products and makes recommendations as needed. Has expert knowledge of competitive and 3rd party products and competitor strategy. Requires tolerance for non-standard work hours several weeks throughout the year. Good time management and prioritization skills are expected. Education BS degree, MS/MBA preferred 7+ years of related industry experience 