 Camera Electrical Prototyping Engineer Job Number: 54127899 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Dec. 14, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this role, you will contribute to camera hardware prototyping and camera related integrated circuit development by designing and building camera prototype and data acquisition systems for future looking camera prototypes. This role requires broad EE skills and offers a mixture of instrumentation and software development, camera prototyping, on-bench testing and debugging, and data analysis. Key Qualifications 3 or more years of experience designing Digital Camera Systems with: Experience with Optical, Opto-Electrical, Opto-Mechanical, Electro-Mechanical &amp; Electrical design. Significant Python experience. Familiarity with low-level programming and debug for embedded development. Experience with CMOS integrated circuit design and CMOS image sensors. Experience with the development and analysis of experiments to root-cause challenging electrical problems. Ability to read PCB schematics to debug or quickly modify electrical test systems. Ability to solder (for probing purposes) Description Core Responsibilities: Developing software, firmware, and RTL for laboratory data acquisition and control systems. Implementing and debugging designs on the bench using oscilloscopes logic analyzers, and other instruments. Designing experiments, analyzing results, and presenting conclusions. Working with PCB design engineers to define test and acquisition electronics. Education MSEE with 3+ years of relevant experience, or BSEE with 5+ years of relevant experience BS, MS, or Ph.D. in CS, EE, physics or related discipline. Additional Requirements Preferred Qualifications: Analog and mixed-signal IC design experience to predict challenging implementations and target tests. Familiarity with PCB design. Experience with Verilog for FPGAs and C for micro-controller development. Ability to quickly pick up and own new concepts to contribute to innovative solutions. 