 Data Center Maintenance Technician Job Number: 70875479 Newark, CA, California, United States Posted: Jul. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Key Qualifications Operate, monitor, maintain, and respond to abnormal conditions in facilities systems. Areas include: Electrical, Mechanical and Building Monitoring and Control. Ability to communicate intelligently and effectively with contractors who perform maintenance or upgrade work on these systems. Ability to learn quickly and address issues as they arise during normal working hours or when on call. Must understand the Data Center environment and excel in customer service. Ability to learn quickly, works autonomously, and addresses any issues that arise day or night. A willingness to provide on-call support in case of emergencies or other off hours issues at the facilities Strong verbal and written communication skills. Two or more years at journeyman or technician level, or the equivalent in a mission critical environment (preference given to data center, hospital, or power plant experience). Two or more years in mechanical/HVAC, electrical, or a combination of both; mechanical applicants must have or be able to obtain a Universal Refrigerant Handler’s certification (CFC). Excellent understanding of the electrical and mechanical systems used in a data center environment, including: Feeders, Transformers, Generators, Switchgear, UPS systems, ATS/STS units, electrical power bus, Chillers, Air handling units and CRAC units. Have the ability to read MEP schematics. Must be open to all shifts. Description Apple seeks experienced facilities technicians to operate, monitor, and support the data centers. Working under the direction of the Data Center Facilities Manager, Maintenance Technicians interact with support teams at Apple headquarters and with local contractors and vendors. Technicians must ensure that facilities problems are identified and repaired quickly, that contractors deliver quality services, and that internal customer demands are met. A good technician develops creative approaches to keep operational costs to a minimum, improve efficiency, and implement consistent maintenance strategies. This position requires shift work that includes swing, grave, weekends and holidays. Education An Associate’s degree, trade school certification, or other verifiable training in a relevant technical field such as HVAC, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering. Two or more years at journeyman or technician level, or the equivalent in a mission critical environment (preference given to data center, hospital, or power plant experience). Two or more years in mechanical/HVAC, electrical, or a combination of both; mechanical applicants must have or be able to obtain a Universal Refrigerant Handler’s certification and electrical applicants must have or be able to obtain licensing if required by the local jurisdiction. Excellent understanding of the electrical and mechanical systems used in a data center environment, including: Feeders, Transformers, Generators, Switchgear, UPS systems, ATS/STS units, electrical power bus, Chillers, Air handling units and CRAH units. 