 Camera Module Design Lead Job Number: 52464769 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 11, 2016 Job Summary The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for all research, design, development, test, and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products. This team is seeking exceptional Hardware Engineers to take leadership roles in development of very high performance compact camera modules. Engineers in this role must take leadership and ownership of camera HW projects in engagements with product and technology teams. Key Qualifications This role requires the ability to learn quickly and become familiar with several different technology areas. Ability to lead teams and take responsibility for project success is a requirement. The ideal candidate will be an expert in at least 1-2 of the skill listed below, and have some familiarity with all of the skills listed. At least 4+ years relevant experience Mechanical design and tolerance analysis of highly constrained, high-volume designs Electronic circuit design and test. Digital experience with at least some power-supply analog. Design and test of compact imaging optics Image quality evaluation including test charts, algorithms, and lighting Image sensor design and characterization Manufacturing processes and testing of high-precision, high-volume modules Data analysis and statistics using MATLAB or other mathematical software Description Definition and trade studies of camera optics, sensors, and packaging Interaction with electrical and mechanical teams on integration of camera hardware into products Leadership of off-shore manufacturing partners on camera design evaluation, module prototype builds, and qualification Leadership of camera testing in Apple labs and at manufacturing sites. This includes image quality, electrical, and mechanical testing Evaluation and debugging of camera HW at module and product levels Documentation of camera-specific design, test, and manufacturing requirements Travel is required to supplier facilities for product development and production bring-up Education BS/MS/PhD in relevant field (EE, ME, Optics, Physics) 