 Taxonomist Job Number: 113047236 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Did you create your own metadata and tagging system for your photo library? Do you re-shelve wayward books while browsing in bookstores and libraries? Apple is looking for a smart, passionate data wiz to join the Worldwide Retail Digital Content Management (DCM) organization. The DCM organization owns production of marketing content and product catalog data to Apple’s e-commerce channels, on the web, and via mobile apps. Our mission is to continuously improve the quality of information and browse experience presented to Apple’s customers while delivering on the ever-increasing velocity of changes as the Retail digital platform expands into new geographies, languages, and devices. Key Qualifications 3+ years experience in a taxonomy or catalog development organization in e-commerce/tech environment. Experience with large scale, global e-commerce catalog systems. You have proven ability to work and deliver effectively in customer-focused, cross-functional teams. You have excellent verbal communication skills, able to present complex technical and metadata information in a clear and concise way to a range of technical and non-technical audiences. You thrive working in production environments with aggressive deadlines. Description As a Taxonomy Developer, you will build and maintain a world-class, intuitive, comprehensive ontology structure to optimize the organization of product information for Apple Retail, making it fun and easy to shop for products on Apple.com, and beyond. Balancing the needs of internal demands and consumer trends, the role will lead the discussion of data integrity for Apple Retail, while ensuring the best online browsing experience for our products. This involves • developing and maintaining taxonomy and controlled vocabularies for a global, 24/7 e-commerce environment. • owning data integrity and taxonomy effectiveness, proactively reviewing for gaps in the data, analyzing partner needs. • identifying process improvements and representing DCM in projects, understanding and sharing out complex technical information to a cross-functional audience. • providing rationale and solution documentation to solve taxonomy and product data challenges. • partnering with a broad range of engineers, content developers, merchandisers, and customer experience designers. Plan and lead meetings to ensure alignment. • optimizing standards and workflow requirements for product information used by our external and internal customers. Champion the adherence to these standards. • maximizing the effectiveness of the technology infrastructure that supports product data management and taxonomy, and work to improve tools and processes. • participating in the strategic planning of the overall vision for structured data management at Apple Retail. You • listen. • are smart, self-directed, a problem-solver. • are organized, articulate, detail oriented. • are proactive, composed, with a diplomatic communication style. • (calmly) thrive under pressure and deadlines. • are at ease dealing with ambiguity and rapidly changing requirements. • roll up your sleeves and get your hands in the data. • are passionate about classification and classification related research. • plan workload and coordinate resources, manage projects. • quickly grasp the essence and underlying business priorities when faced with new problems. Education Bachelor’s Degree in English, Information Management, or equivalent, plus 5+ years work experience. Master’s Degree in Library Science or Information Management preferred. 