 Web Developer Job Number: 86363573 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to work on a dynamic development team passionate about delivering software tools that support the most creative consumer electronics company in the world? Do you love the challenge of solving complex problems that can have a direct impact on the success of the company? Mac System Quality Tools Team is looking for a highly motivated, energetic, and experienced web developer with background in crafting flexible and scalable data collection, reporting and analysis tools. You'll enjoy working collaboratively with our engineering partners to design and improve our software and hardware testing infrastructure. Be a part of a diverse team of engineers using creativity and flexibility to design software that our engineers love to use. You can help inspire change, by using your skills to influence the future of our tools. You'll be challenged to make it go faster, be more reliable, and intuitive. Do you like working on a team that makes a difference with the products they create? We are an equal opportunity team with many opportunities for growth and experience. You will get to work with the latest software technologies as we refactor, extend, and enhance our current software stack. You'll work along side engineering to understand problems and delivery extraordinary solutions to our customers. Key Qualifications 5+ years experience as a Software Engineer focussed on web applications. Deep understanding in web development in HTML, PHP, CSS, Javascript, Ruby, Python. In depth knowledge of REST API design. Experience in database administration is a positive. (PostgresSQL preferable) Ability to make data driven decisions on a regular basis. Strong written and verbal communications skills. Solid education operating systems (Unix, MacOS etc.) Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functionally partners. Ability to think creatively, problem solve, and innovate. Description Design and develop full-stack software solutions that include a front end (web), server and storage. Data modeling and database development. Develop in a variety of contexts using a variety of tools and languages where appropriate. Interact with QA teams to analyze requirements. Work closely and clearly communicate with all cross-functional teams. 