 Full Stack Engineer - Ruby on Rails Job Number: 52186263 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple Maps is front and center on hundreds of millions of devices, and the Maps Infrastructure team designs and builds the platforms that power them all. We’re looking for exceptional engineers that live at the intersection of development, operations, data, and systems engineering to build solutions for large-scale continuous data transformation and delivery, global data distribution and management, and environment and release management. Our job is to get fresh code, data, and features to users. Success means performance, reliability, visibility, repeatability, and customer happiness. Our customers are not only Apple Maps users, but internal developers, operations teams, and feature owners. That’s a wide scope and we have lofty goals, so our engineers pride themselves on offering continuous delivery and enhancements to our customers. And we do this in a friendly, human-centered way because we know that our profession is both a technical and cultural pursuit. Sounds fun? Get in touch! Key Qualifications Possess a good understanding of the syntax of Ruby and its nuances Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Experience designing, building large-scale Ruby on Rails applications Experience with common libraries such as RSpec and Resque Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (e.g. Git, or SVN) Proficient in bash shell Familiarity with continuous integration and delivery Basic familiarity with networking systems, load balancers, and TCP/IP network constructs. Knowledge of performance and reliability monitoring strategies A knack for writing clean, readable Ruby code Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes Description We are looking for a Ruby on Rails developer responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. Therefore, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. AS AN ENGINEER ON OUR TEAM, YOU WILL: Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Ruby code Assist with the integration of data storage solution such as PostgreSQL/MySQL and Redis Develop user-facing elements as well as server side logic Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization and automation Education BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience 