 NPI Program Manager - Mac Job Number: 113029539 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 4, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Join the dynamic Mac New Product Introduction Program Management (NPI PM) team. NPI PM is pivotal to the fast-paced development and launch of Apple’s products. A successful NPI Manager is a natural leader and facilitator, is driven, organized and detail oriented, excels in program/ project management, communicates with ease at all levels, thrives in an ambiguous environment, is adept at facilitating actions and resolving conflicts, manages through relationships and influence, and displays grace under fire. Key Qualifications • Successful candidates will have the following attributes: exceptional ability to build relationships; clear, consistent communication; data-driven and action-oriented; enthusiastic and motivated; and detail-oriented while managing several work-streams • Experience working with off-shore manufacturers and traveling to manufacturing sites Description The Mac NPI PM organization role will lead the team within WW Operations and be the primary operations interface to the core product development team and other functional organizations within Apple. As the owner of the product, the NPI PM will ensure the successful launch of the product towards meeting it’s stated cost, quality, schedule, availability and customer experience goals. The NPI PM is responsible for all facets of the project launch which includes: Leading ramp availability for all product modules with Materials, Quality, Engineering and other internal and external teams. Ensuring security, materials, equipment, fixtures, staffing, training, documentation plans are in place at our partners. Drives responsive supply chains that are optimized for lowest costs, operational flexibility and high quality. Assesses, analyzes, consolidates, and communicates risk and status clearly and succinctly to management, escalating key issues and presenting options for resolution to the cross-functional executive team through the new product reviews and other executive forums. Provides links from the Cupertino Ops &amp; Engineering Teams to the Factory teams from various development builds through new product introduction, including product hand-off to Sustaining Operations Management. Education • BS or MS degree in Engineering • MBA preferred Additional Requirements • 5+ years of industry experience in one or more of the following disciplines: New Product Introduction / Supply Chain Management / Manufacturing Operations 