 Sr Applied Scientist, Local Search Job Number: 112983439 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Would you like to be part of a team that impacts millions of users every single day? Does finding patterns in data and building highly scalable data-driven systems to solve real-world problems excite you? Does designing and improving Local Search for all Apple Maps users appeal to you? If yes, we invite you to join our mission in building and redefining Apple’s Local Search. Apple is critically invested in the success of its mobile ecosystem. Maps and Local Search is a core asset that is at the crux of this ecosystem. Our team operates at the intersection of building highly scalable applications, analytics to understand user behavior and big data machine learning to improve our end-user experience. Key Qualifications Strong ML background with expertise in one of these areas - search applications, information retrieval, text mining, natural language processing, search relevance/ranking Strong programming and debugging skills in: Java or C/C++ or Python or equivalent Experience in distributed computing, search and related technologies Experience with big data technologies like Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, Kafka Excellent interpersonal and communication skills - working independently and/or in small teams Description Maps Search is looking for strong developers with a passion towards relevance and end-user experience. You will be contributing towards modeling and iteratively improving Apple Maps Search which powers Maps Autocomplete, Safari, Spotlight and others. You will be tackling a variety of big data challenges in query understanding, ranking, information retrieval and information extraction - building, architecting and managing core machine learning models/algorithms to improve Apple’s Maps Search. Job Responsibilities Include (not limited to): Apply knowledge of data mining, information retrieval, NLP and machine learning to develop key iOS and OS X features focused on improving local search experience. Collaborate with various teams (e.g., infrastructure, quality, data) to develop exciting features and contribute towards our mission of best search experience to our end-users. Design and build highly scalable, big data pipelines that enable enriching maps index with extremely relevant location-sensitive-knowledge. Design and develop tools, processes and analytics for backend data-extraction pipelines - along with performing hands-on analyses to answer hard hypotheses/questions. Own and conduct A/B tests for exploring various ideas and perform data analysis to infer insights from experiments to help ship features. Develop and mentor aspiring applied scientists / engineers to expand their scope and have a big impact. Be part of building a world class search team! Education BS/MS in computer science or software engineering or equivalent. 