 Siri iOS Engineer Job Number: 112930813 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri UI team at Apple. The Siri iOS team is looking for exceptional UI engineers passionate about delighting customer’s experience, by producing cutting edge applications and technologies. Key Qualifications Exceptional development experience at the application level with Objective-C Cocoa, or C++. Knowledge of Apple’s development APIs (UIKit, Cocoa Touch, Cocoa, CoreFoundation) Outstanding communication and presentation skills Description You will primarily be responsible for implementing features for the Siri user experience. This is a broad-range task; we take every application that Siri interacts with and integrate them into the Siri experience. To succeed in this role, you must be a strong programmer and a creative problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment, working across teams and organizations. You love building an elegant user experience for a distributed system at massive scale, tackling impossible problems, and you have a passion for customer experience. You enjoy learning new things and creating life-changing applications. You will possess strong skills in object-oriented software design and programming. You are excited about developing new features, maintaining existing code, fixing bugs, and contributing to overall system design. Education B.S or M.S in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Additional Requirements iOS application programming experience Strong API design knowledge Experience with speech interfaces Familiarity with Unix 