 Metal Ecosystem Development Engineer Job Number: 85989133 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s GPU Software team provides the graphics software foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and Apple Watch. Our responsibilities encompass the frameworks, developer tools, and device drivers for the GPU and Display on all of Apple’s hardware. This team recently announced Metal 2 which provides near-direct access to the graphics processing unit (GPU), enabling you to maximize the graphics and compute potential of apps on iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Building upon an efficient low-overhead architecture with precompiled shaders, fine-grained resource control, and multithreading support, Metal 2 further boosts performance by enabling the GPU to take more control of the rendering pipeline. Moving beyond just graphics, Metal 2 provides deep support for GPU-accelerated machine learning and offers enhanced developer tools that make it even easier to debug, optimize, and deploy Metal apps. On Mac, Metal 2 adds support for virtual reality (VR) rendering and external GPUs, and provides new APIs and optimizations to help developers embrace these emerging technologies within their apps. Description GPUSW's Metal Ecosystem team is now seeking a top-notch, driven, and dedicated engineer to work with developers to integrate and optimize Metal into their iOS and macOS applications. This team is tasked with engaging developers to enhance their success using Apple’s tools and technologies related to Metal. Responsibilities - Analyze developers products and report on their use of the Metal API, recommending optimizations, algorithms, and techniques to improve their applications; - Host developers during in-person engineering sessions; - Be a resource for all aspects of Metal application development, including engineering, documentation, training, and relationship management Key Qualifications ▪ Extensive knowledge of graphics APIs (e.g., OpenGL, OpenGL ES, DirectX/D3D, etc.) and GPU computing (e.g., OpenCL, CUDA, etc.) ▪ In-depth knowledge of computer-graphics techniques, game development, and the computer-graphics industry ▪ Exemplary written and oral communication skills ▪ Excellent programming skills and knowledge of C/C++ ▪ Knowledge of GPU hardware architectures, and coding for iOS and macOS a major plus Description IMG’s GPU Software team is looking for a top-notch, driven, and dedicated engineer to drive our efforts in GPU software performance. You can make a difference by helping iOS apps gain the most benefit out of Metal and the A7 GPU, by contributing to our benchmark suite, and by defining the requirements for and evaluating the performance of future GPUs. Education Technical BS/MS degree Additional Requirements • Experience with embedded systems a plus • Experience with parallel and asynchronous processing a plus • Knowledge of Metal, OpenCL, OpenGL and OpenGL ES or other graphics and compute developer APIs a plus • Knowledge of macOS, Core Animation, UIKit, Core Graphics and iPhone programming a plus • Experience with application user interface programming, scene graphs, and graphics rendering techniques a plus Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Competitive Salary including Benefits Package Closing Date: 10 November 2017 