 Enterprise Application/Platform Software Engineer Job Number: 113116782 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Identity Management Services team at Apple is in search of a motivated Software Engineer who is self-driven and has a proven track record in design and development of complex, highly available and scalable systems. The candidate should have a passion for software engineering, be innovative and possess strong analytical and communication skills. This is a hands-on individual contributor role and requires leading the design and hands on development of software systems to support existing and new features. Additional duties include architecting and developing systems that are very efficient, secure, highly available, highly scalable, distributed, supportable with good diagnostic and monitoring capabilities. Key Qualifications Strong Computer Science fundamentals, software design and programing skills. Minimum of 6 years in Enterprise application design and development of systems using Java/J2EE technology, Single-SignOn, SQL, XML in Linux/Unix environment. Direct experience with design/development of highly available, distributed and scalable applications. Demonstrable experience in Java, J2EE, XML/JSON, OOD, related development tools and technologies. Experience in configuration, tuning, deployment of Application / Web servers such as JBoss, Apache, Tomcat etc,. Experience in source code management tools like SVN /CVS. Experience in relational, no-SQL Databases, other form of Persistence mechanisms and distributed cache. Must have experience with relational database models Demonstrate innovative and creative thinking capabilities and also have sharp troubleshooting skills. Experience in developing multi threaded programs is required Sound knowledge in operating systems concepts is required Additional preferred skills: • Experience in C/C++, PKI Service, SSL, application performance turning is a plus • Hands-on experience in Oracle database performance turning, optimization is a plus • Experience in Identity Management &amp; Security is a big plus (authentication, authorization, provisioning, etc.). • Exposure to Project Management skills and tools. Description Develop detailed designs and deliver highly scalable and optimized systems. Write efficient, easy to maintain software that are of high quality Maintain and enhance existing applications in response to business needs. Collaborate closely with members of other teams throughout the software release cycle Assist in resolving application support issues. Education B.S with 4+ years exp or Masters with 2+ years experience 