 SoC Embedded Software Engineer Job Number: 57495882 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Responsible for designing and implementing embedded software for System on a Chip (SoC) bring up and test. This candidate will work closely with the Software Engineering team ensuring the quality of their firmware for manufacturability. Key Qualifications 5+ years of embedded software design experience 3+ years of industry experience in ARM based ASIC / SoC Design Verification (DV) Knowledgeable of Object Oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms Requires SoC bring up experience Expert embedded C programmer Experienced RISC assembly programmer RTOS Embedded kernel, BSP and applications experience is highly desirable Experience writing device drivers Scripting experience with one or more of Perl, Tcl, Lua Experience using laboratory equipment (e.g., logic analyzer, digital oscilloscope) Experience reading and working from complex schematics Experience working with simulators such as VCS, ModelSim, or NCSIM a plus. Experience working with emulator such as Palladium is a plus. Willingness to travel is a plus Description •Design and implementation of firmware for SoC bring up, test and validation. •Enhancing and maintaining the development and debug environments, tools and methodologies. •Support of functional test environment for device characterization, failure analysis, and mass production. •Generating post-silicon directed diagnostic and stress test cases and debugging failure cases using multiple HW and low level SW platforms. •Leveraging and porting design verification and silicon validation tests to enable improved test coverage of IP in silicon test. •Developing software to confirm that the silicon behaves as architected under the various supported modes. •Developing targeted functional tests to screen failures identified during the product lifecycle failures. Education •BSCS, BSEE, BSCE, or demonstrated equivalent experience. 