 Battery Algorithm Engineer Job Number: 56321266 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 25, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this position, you will be expected to use a combination of advanced chemical and electrical engineering and mathematics to develop and code •Algorithms to estimate State of charge and State of Power of battery systems. •Algorithm to predict lifetime cell mechanical and electrical performance. •Models to estimate and optimize cell and pack performance in design phase. •Develop and test methods to evaluate such new algorithms. •New functions to help further the active health management goals based on new behavioral discoveries on cells from Cell Engineering to address cell degradation. Also, you will be required to help reduce the complexity of estimation algorithms so that they can be implemented in resource constrained computing platforms. Key Qualifications Good chemical understanding of Li Ion and related cell chemistries Good Electrical engineering background to understand impact of load behaviors on battery performance estimation. Excellent experience in developing solutions and validating them using control theories like Kalman filters, state observers and others. Experienced in various test tools like battery testers, EIS and others to evaluate algorithm performance in the batteries. Experience in writing efficient codes to analyze large data sets Experience with detailed battery and cell modeling a plus. MS with 10+ years of related experience or Phd with relevant experience preferred. Expertise in C programming in a Unix-derivative environment highly desirable. Excellent skills in communication, problem solving and strategic thinking. Should use advanced analytical interpretation and discretion to provide unique solutions. High level of mathematical and modeling capabilities to develop and verify algorithms, and expertise in numerical analysis. Expert in using modeling and simulation tools like Spice, Matlab, Simulink and other specialized tools. Relies on data to justify technical decisions. Self-starter with excellent time management skills. Mentors and provides technical direction. Description - Excellent skills in communication and giving technical presentations - High level of mathematical and advanced analytical interpretation capabilities Education M.S. with 5+ years’ related experience or Ph.D. with related educational background or experience desired 