 Mechanical Process Development Engineer Job Number: 83945096 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, our Mechanical Process Development (SBE Engineers) Engineers are responsible for the development and implementation of high precision mechanical fabrication processes in a high volume environment for Apple Mac Products. Key Qualifications Typically requires 5+ experience supporting new product launches from a mechanical tooling engineering or product development perspective. Experience with Mechanical Fabricated parts or jigs, fixtures, tooling, injection molding, plastics, ceramics, machine shop (CNC, Mills, Lathes) experience is required. Prefer a solid understanding of DOE, GD&amp;T, SPC or Mechanical Fabrication techniques. Engineering management or program management background is considered a +. Description You will utilize your Mechanical Manufacturing background in the following areas: Process Development: Planning, proposing, and leading experiments to produce timely and accurate analyses used to drive design, development, and supply chain decisions. Assessing the suitability of a fabrication technology for a given part design. Planning validation exercises to demonstrate initial feasibility as well as manufacturing capability. Analyzing results of validation exercises and provide technical recommendations. Reviewing progress of development activities at supplier locations and serve as point of escalation for critical process related issues. New Product Introduction: Acts as lead engineer to drive process development and capability assessment activities, reviewing part design documentation to ensure alignment with process capability. Assigns specific tasks and work with Apple suppliers to support process development and/or data gathering activities. Set clear goals for results and provide timely reviews of performance throughout program. Establish validation procedures to determine acceptance of tooling into development builds as well as mass production. Supplier Execution: Review supplier tool design, process flow, equipment selection, DFM, and DOE proposals. Identify shortfalls and corrective actions to ensure design compliance. Work with supplier engineering teams to map out process development exercises, secure resources, and commit to schedules in line with program goals Assess supplier readiness to support build events and production ramp. Identify potential execution issues and provide recommendations to mitigate risk. Education MSME/BSME, or equivalent. MBA a +, but not required. 