 Project Coordinator Job Number: 113123194 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 16, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary You will engage on security projects for Apple as well as make sense of all the data, get stuff done, and make a strategic contribution to the overall Global Security program. Adventurous, dedicated, and diligent people are heartily welcomed to our team. This role will reside in Cupertino, CA. Key Qualifications 3-5 years of experience managing projects, data analysis and reporting Strong skills in analyzing various types of data Ability to use data for reporting and presentations that will identify and help mitigate security risks in processes, tools, and people. Setting priorities and measurable objectives, cross-functional dependencies, planning, resourcing, scheduling, communication, implementation, and subsequent monitoring and reporting on the process, progress and results. Works independently and as part of a team on multiple initiatives or stand-alone projects with limited direction from management. •Ability to explain findings to individuals with diverse levels of technical proficiency Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills Description We are seeking a project specialist to deliver solutions that support various security related initiatives globally. This position requires a mixed background in data analysis, project management, and information technology. The candidate should be a self-starter who is able to quickly learn new tools and gain familiarity with new processes and technologies with minimal assistance. May require up to 30% travel (international and domestic). Essential Skills •Solid project management and engagement management skills •Strong ability to work on multiple projects and assignments •Strong knowledge of or experience with data analysis •Strong observational and analytic skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy, generate reports and present findings •Exceptional communication skills, especially with complex ideas •Exceptional relationship-building skills •Strong personal leadership traits such as self-accountability, priority management, and pride in work •Strong ability to work within various cultural settings Preferred •Knowledge of or experience with data mining, Splunk, information security, data protection, databases (SQL, NoSQL, etc.), reporting packages (Business Objects, Tableau, etc.) •Information security skills and knowledge •Practical understanding of international security standards •Knowledge of information data collection tools Education Bachelor degree, or equivalent work experience 