 Sr. Business Process Re-Engineering Specialist Job Number: 83855256 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Retail Contact Center Business Process Re-engineering (RCC BPR) team is looking for an experienced project management professional with strong business analysis skills to join our team. This role will lead the Contact Center track on medium to large-sized, global cross-functional projects as well as apply project management methodology to support the implementation of key systems and/or business processes in a Contact Center Assisted Sales, Service and Order Administration environment. The ideal candidate will have over seven years of project management experience, be self-directed, motivated, and comfortable working in an extremely fast paced environment. Flexibility and adaptability are key attributes needed for success. This individual should also have strong analytical, project management and coordination skills to handle a variety of activities and complexities spanning the organization. Candidates must be willing to work at a very detailed level while still being able to abstract ideas for communication to team and senior management. Key Qualifications 7+ years of project management experience in eCommerce and/or Contact Center environment 3-5 years experience in process design and documentation in eCommerce and/or Contact Center environments A proven track record of successfully leading multiple concurrent projects of medium (4-8 months) and large (8-12 months) scope Ability to use data and analysis to support process flows and to influence others Proven experience creating effective Business Requirement Documentation Experience leveraging functional expertise to create a phenomenal customer experience Proven success in creating efficient business processes and willing to challenge the status quo. Demonstrated ability to complete multiple tasks under pressure Drives change laterally across regions and organizations using influence skills Maintains a positive attitude Exceptional communication and facilitation skills Thrives in ambiguous work environment Experience managing or leading a team preferred Strong team player with a high degree of flexibility Description • Oversee end-to-end implementation of several global portfolio projects focusing on the interactions between contact center agents and Apple customers, facilitating an overall great customer experience • Lead the coordination of resources, project scope, business requirement documentation, project documentation, project status reporting, project risk management, timelines, project communication, change management as well as post-implementation audit reviews. • Oversee all aspects of the project including business requirements documentation, stakeholder analysis, timelines, budgets, resource allocation, scope, definition and project communication. • Collaborate with business partners and regional counterparts to efficiently write requirements and implement projects. • Ability to influence decisions and facilitate change management through collaboration and leadership. Candidate must be able to act as a liaison between the business and technology groups to ensure business project needs are adequately met with technology solutions. • Strive for continuous improvement by incorporating Apple’s best practices for Project Management to ensure consistent delivery of quality projects. Will also be responsible for identifying and leading business process re-engineering opportunities. • Maintain a level of constant and effective communication with managers, leaders, and subject matter experts in a variety of business, functional and technology areas. • Ability to gain alignment between the technology and business strategy to create a phenomenal customer experience by proactive partnering with all levels, including Sr. Leaders, the Business, IS&amp;T and Operations communities. Education Bachelors Degree is a must. MBA / PMP preferred 