 RFIC Product Engineer Job Number: 52159885 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Responsible for driving and coordinating New Product Introduction (NPI) activities for RF SoC devices. Work with cross-functional teams to debug, characterize and root cause diverse failure mechanisms. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate should have 5+ years of product engineering experience. In depth knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing process. Exposure to different RFIC package technologies a plus. Solid understanding of analog/RF fundamentals. Exposure to RF test methodologies a plus. Experience working with cross-functional teams to define ATE characterization test plans, coordinating data collection and performing data analysis across PVT. Direct experience with yield management in high volume manufacturing. Solid understanding of GRR analysis, ATE-Bench correlations, guard-banding methodologies and statistics associated with test limit definition. Familiar with Product and Package Qualification requirements (i.e. HTOL, ESD, LU, etc..). Ability to setup DOE to drive root cause of diverse failure mechanisms Excellent written and verbal communication skills Travel is required Description •Coordinate New Product Introduction activities for RF SoC devices. •Define ATE characterization test plans and generate characterization reports. •Finalize test limits and define proper guard-bands based on ATE-bench correlations, GRR and PVT characterization results. •Work with cross-functional teams to debug, root cause and implement corrective actions on diverse failure mechanisms. •Work with Design and TE to identify potential TTR and yield improvement plans prior to mass production release. •Support QA and Reliability with diverse Product Qualification requirements (HTOL board design, BI shift analysis, reliability guard-band, etc…) •Drive GRR analysis and coordinate cross-platform correlation activities. •Perform statistical data analysis on mass production data sets. •Work with internal teams to support mass production ramp as needed. •Support Test Engineering with test program release activities. •Define milestones and communicate product development schedule on regular basis. Education BSEE / MSEE or equivalent is required 