 Top Level Physical Design Engineer Job Number: 112952990 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Aug. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary In this highly visible role, you will be responsible for implementing chip level (top level) place and route from netlist to tapeout Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have hands on experience in physical design and large chip integration. Needs to be familiar with all aspects of ASIC integration including Floorplanning, Clock and Power distribution, global signal planning, I/O planning and hard IP integration. Familiar with typical SoC issues such as multiple voltage and clock domains, ESD strategies, mixed signal block integration, and package interactions. Familiar with hierarchical design approach, top-down design, budgeting, timing and physical convergence. Familiar with top level floorplanning including partition sizing, pin placement, channel planning, high speed signal and clock planning and feed-through planning Familiar with physical assembly flows Must have experience on integrating IP from both internal and external vendors and be able to specify and drive IP requirements in the physical domain Experience with large SoC designs (&gt;20M gates) with frequencies in excess of 1GHz utilizing state of the art sub 45nm technologies. A detailed understanding of database management issues will be required From a CAD tool perspective, experience with Floorplanning tools, P&amp;R flows, global timing verification and Physical Design Verification Flows is required. Familiar with various process related design issues including Design for Yield and Manufacturability, multi Vt strategies and thermal Mgt. Familiar with chip level physical verification Description •Work with FE &amp; Systems team to understand chip architecture and drive physical planning aspects early in design cycle. •Drive top level floorplanning •Drive physical assembly builds working closely with partition owners •Work with physical design team, drive methodologies and “best known methods” to streamline physical design work, come up with guidelines and checklists, drive execution, and track progress. •Be focal point for top level assembly between PD partition owners, top level Power Integrity owners and Physical Verification engineers, set goals and milestones, plan short and long-term work, understand dependencies between different domains and drive resolution between cross functional teams. •Resolve design and flow issues related to physical design, identify potential solutions and drive execution. Education •MSEE or equivalent is required 