 Siri Software Development Engineer, Proactive Intelligence Job Number: 50437590 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary How do you ensure that a cross-platform and personalized product used by millions of people provides a stellar experience to everyone? Siri’s Proactive Intelligence team builds software that improves the life of Apple customers by anticipating their needs. We’re looking for someone to help us with that challenge. Your responsibilities will include triaging bugs, writing software to triage bugs, manual QA, writing automated tests and developing internal tools. Key Qualifications You’re passionate about shipping a high-quality customer experience. Excels at troubleshooting and debugging difficult problems. Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work closely with engineering and design teams. Comfortable with system tools to help analyze system and application specific diagnostics. Able to complete daily system administration tasks including server configuration and management. Experience writing scripts to improve your own workflow. Thrives working in a fast-paced environment and are eager to learn new technologies. Ability to focus quickly on new assignments and tasks and deliver great results with minimal outside direction. Thorough knowledge of Mac OS X and iOS a plus Description You'll be part of a small, talented and motivated team that operates like a startup within Apple. When software breaks, you will ensure it gets fixed by getting the right information to the right person. Sometimes that will mean trying to reproduce a reported problem yourself. Sometimes it will mean working with the reporter. But you won’t just wait for bugs to show up - you’ll actively look for problems before they’re reported and write automated regression tests. You’ll be exposed to our early prototypes and your feedback will help shape them into to something that will be used by millions of people. Education BS/BA, ideally in CS or related technical field Equivalent professional experience of 2 or more years. 