 DFM PCBA Engineer Job Number: 113159435 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 26, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple products are as beautiful on the inside as they are on the outside. Inside every one of our products, are some of the world's most challenging consumer PCBA and Flex designs. Imagine yourself as a select member of the team that brings these assemblies from concept to high volume manufacturing. Key Qualifications Engineer or Technologist with an extremely high level of creativity and curiosity about materials science and electronics packaging at all levels. 2 or more years of research or process development experience in an applicable field. Familiarity with the properties and process used in microelectronics fabrication and PCBA assembly. Ability to work with a cross-functional team to define requirements and suitable metrics for the performance of new products and process. Demonstrated ability to self-manage and deliver results in a pure development role. Ability and willingness to travel frequently, i.e. &gt;30%. Description Verification of Quick Turn PCB Vendor Technical and Quality Capabilities PCB/PCBA for DFM Develop and Maintain PCBA DFM Procedures and Checklists Development of Array Drawings for Product PCBAs Ensure Proper Management of PCBA Prototype, EVT, and DVT Assembly and Test at Manufacturing Subcontractor Develop and Maintain PCBA Process Parameters and Procedures as Guidelines for Apple Subcontractors Ensure Proper Use of Approved Materials for PCBA Prototype, EVT, and DVT Assembly and Test at Manufacturing Subcontractor Develop and Maintain PCBA Assembly Workmanship Standards Support Component Engineering by Ensuring Component Specification Content meets PCBA DFM Requirements Support ECAD Librarians by Ensuring Development of ECAD Library Parts which meet PCBA DFM Requirements Ensure Proper Management of PCBA PVT Assembly and Test at Manufacturing Subcontractor Develop and Maintain Data Requirements for PCBA PVT Assembly at Apple Subcontractors Verification of Volume PCB Vendor Technical and Quality Capabilities Ensure Maintenance of Approved Manufacturing Processes at PCBA Manufacturing Subcontractor Ensure the Continued Use of Approved Materials at PCBA Manufacturing subcontractor Ensure Maintenance of Specified Quality Levels at PCBA Manufacturing Subcontractor Support Ongoing Apple Service/Quality Issues as Resource for PCBA Manufacturing Issues Develop or manage the development of necessary tooling and/or automation equipment Develop and Maintain Cable assembly processes using hot bar equipment Education A degree in an engineering discipline (mechanical, chemical, electrical or materials science) is required and a strong, directly applicable background will be considered as well. 