 Financial Analyst-WW Enterprise Sales Finance Job Number: 113132262 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is expanding its reach into the Enterprise segment, and we are looking for top talent to help us change the way people work through the adoption of mobile solutions. This is an opportunity to join Apple's WW Enterprise Sales Finance team to help build our strategy and execute it globally. As an integral member of the WW Enterprise Sales Finance team, you will be responsible for monitoring financial performance, highlighting trends across key performance indicators and providing a financial point of view for our Global Enterprise &amp; Education horizontals. This role partners and collaborates heavily with other Apple functional teams to drive results and corporate strategy. You will have the opportunity to create, influence, and inform sales and finance leaders on the health and direction of these key business segments. Key Qualifications Progressive commercial finance experience in a dynamic sales partnering environment Strong analytical focus with business modeling and forecasting experience Proven ability to influence and challenge outcomes to drive results Excellent verbal and written communication skills Big picture thinking with inherent curiosity to understand and own the detail Progressive business experience with a focus on reporting and quantitative analysis in a dynamic business environment Team player with desire and ability to collaborate with business partners Experience and knowledge in driving projects (project management) is a plus Skilled in ERP software (e.g. SAP), database apps (Access or equivalent), statistical modeling a plus Minimum of 3 years experience working in a Corporate environment Description As a member of the WW Enterprise Sales Finance team, you will play a critical role in our ability to measure the performance of this critical business segment for the company. You will get the opportunity to work alongside a number of like-minded financial analysts working together to accomplish big things for the company. 路 You will help inform senior business leaders on the effectiveness of their strategy and help guide future decision making. 路 You will partner with WW and Regional Sales teams to establish a measurement process for Corporate Reseller training programs. 路 You will provide analytics on business trends to help inform our quarterly forecast process. 路 You help guide critical business decision by identifying and communicating changes in key leading indicators. You will collaborate with team members to establish our demand generation playbook for our Enterprise business. You will play a key role in establishing the long term vision for Reporting &amp; Analytical needs of the organization. You will partner with consultants to build and execute on an execution plan. Education Relevant tertiary education, industry qualifications or experience would be beneficial 