 Senior UX Designer Job Number: 112907278 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 29, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Online Support User Experience team is seeking an accomplished UX Designer able to create and deliver amazing experiences for a variety of internal users across the organization. The ideal candidate should have experience with UX design for internal workflows and end-users including content management and analysis, taxonomy/tagging management, publishing, search tuning and online community management/moderation. Candidates with a proven track record of successfully completing complex projects involving all stages of modern experience design—from problem analysis and research to high fidelity mockups and detailed specifications—will be given preference. This role requires deep collaborating with end-users, designers, leadership, product owners, engineers and business stakeholders. To succeed, you will need to draw on your significant UX experience, technical platform knowledge, organizational skills, problem solving skills, interpersonal savvy and common sense. Candidates should be prepared to demonstrate their ability to uphold to Apple’s high standards for experience design by presenting relevant accomplishments from their portfolio. **** This position is located on campus in Cupertino, CA or Austin, TX **** Key Qualifications 5-8 years experience designing for a high performing internal users across publishing, content management and/or community moderation platforms. Degree in a design-related field or equivalent experience. Expert in a broad range of UX skills including information architecture, interaction design and UI design. Mastery of Sketch, Photoshop, Keynote, Illustrator, and other common design and prototyping tools. Passionate about user-centered design. Experience creating flow diagrams, wireframes, mockups and prototypes. Experience working directly with developers to ensure the successful implementation of a design specifications. A strong portfolio demonstrating a history of creating great web and mobile designs Deep expertise in service design, taxonomy, information architecture, user testing, interactive design. Extensive experience creating UX artifacts including journey maps, site maps, affinity diagrams, flow charts, wireframes, and mockups using modern tools and techniques. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Experience with User Research, Testing and QA teams &amp; technologies. Experience with accessibility, localization and internationalization. **All candidates will be required to submit a portfolio of work samples and/or links to their work. Description - Gathering input from stakeholders and using your extensive user experience design knowledge and industry experience to help shape project requirements and scope. - Creating design artifacts such as journey maps, site maps, flow diagrams, prototypes and others to help communicate the design approach and to gain alignment across stakeholders. - Developing annotated low, medium and high fidelity design assets, ensuring you offer multiple concepts to help elicit meaningful feedback. - Creating prototypes for testing and to flesh-out designs and refine interactions. - Collaborating with researchers to test your designs. - Creating highly detailed design specifications that enable developers to implement the experience. - Revising and updating designs and documentation based on continuing user testing and customer feedback. - Applying best practices with strong consideration for accessibility, scalability, and ease of maintenance. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (UX/Visual Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Industrial Design or similar degrees preferred) Master’s degree in design or related field is preferred Additional Requirements Preferred Qualifications: - Ability to create clear and engaging data visualizations is a plus. - Deep experience with Apple products and the Support organization - Experience facilitating design workshops 