 3D Data Visualization Scientist - Product Design Job Number: 55412339 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 11, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are seeking an enthusiastic team player to join our small, supportive, inclusive, and dynamic team as a 3D Data Visualization Scientist. The Data Visualization (DataViz) team collaborates with a variety of partners within Apple to distill data into actionable and intuitive visualizations that drive informed decisions. We work cooperatively to understand challenging problems that arise during all stages of product design at Apple. The job requires collaborative work, programming skills, some knowledge of processing, modeling, and analyzing 3D images, and most importantly, a passion for creating informative visualizations and presentations to communicate results to all levels of the company. We are committed to professional development across all aspects of data visualization with mentorship and training opportunities both within and outside Apple. This includes, but is not limited to, providing team members opportunities to improve their skills in: graphic design, coding, visual arts, statistics, communication, and presentation. We are looking for a thoughtful team player who is adaptable, creative, and design oriented. We encourage anyone who approaches problem solving with curiosity and imagination to apply. We value people with a desire to learn new skills and a mindset that challenging questions are opportunities for insight. The DataViz team enables data-driven decision making by developing and performing analysis, modeling, and visualization of unstructured data for engineering and research design teams. Our unique position within the organization allows us to assist other teams on a wide range of products designed at Apple. Each new product pushes the boundaries of design, requiring innovations in engineering, materials, manufacturing technologies, and methods for visualizing this information. Large amounts of unstructured data are collected from various sources during the research, design, engineering, and production processes, and an integral part of our work is to transform this data into actionable insights that will inform decision making for client services, operations, design, and product enhancement. The DataViz team works closely with many cross-functional teams and what we do impacts products used by millions of people worldwide. Key Qualifications •Design aesthetic and appreciation of functional design. •Strong interest in peer collaboration and teamwork and a willingness to solicit input and feedback. •Programming proficiency with some background in and/or a strong interest in learning more 3D image analysis and modeling software (such as, but not limited to, OpenCV, PolyWorks, and AutoDesk). •Some experience preparing 3D data, meshes, surfaces, images and in smoothing, artifact removal, and conversion into solids. •Some familiarity with various 3D file formats including: NURBs, Polygonal meshes (triangulated/tessellated &amp; quad-based), 3D point cloud data, laser-light scanned data, and DICOM images. •Experience working with large datasets. Our datasets include human anthropometric and biometric data, acoustic data, and inertial motion unit data (accelerometers, gyroscopes, altimeters). Some of our techniques include optimization for 3D best-fitting and RGB &amp; monochrome image analysis and processing. •Comfort working both independently and collaboratively on tight deadlines in a supportive environment. •Ability to juggle multiple projects. •Excited to learn to communicate important information in an easily understandable manner. Description As a member of this team-oriented, collaborative group, you will be an integral partner involved in all stages of product design at Apple. You will be working on the latest, most innovative Apple products together with many cross-functional teams. As a 3D Data Visualization Scientist, your responsibilities will include some of the following activities: •Gathering large quantities of unstructured data from many different sources with emphasis on 3D image analysis and video processing. •Conducting data exploration, QA/QC, visualization, statistical and data analyses, and modeling. •Creating custom algorithms for large datasets to enable visualizations that help decision makers quickly understand the data. •Defining data capture formats to enable useful and efficient analysis. •Collaborating with teams to automate processes, conduct systems analysis, and build visualization workflows by building and deploying software tools. •Creating systems for real-time or near real-time data analysis to improve precision machine performance in factories •Sharing results and teaching concepts across the company through presentations and other communication channels This small but growing team strongly encourages collaboration but also offers freedom and autonomy. Creative and outside-the-box thinking is encouraged, and original ideas are welcomed and supported by the team. Education Masters degree in fields such as Computer Vision, Computer Graphics, Climate or Environmental Science, Applied Math, Animation, Engineering, Physics, Biological Sciences, Statistics, or Robotics along with 2+ years relevant work experience. Ph.D. degree preferred. 