 HomePod Lead Performance Test Engineer Job Number: 83668869 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Work and contribute towards the engineering of Apple HomePod technologies in the Interactive Media Group (IMG) at Apple. IMG provides the media and graphics foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, iTunes, and macOS. Developing cutting-edge software techniques, IMG takes the media experience to the next level. We are looking for an outstanding software quality engineer with a strong technical background and understanding of performance testing for Media and Wi-Fi technologies. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and conducting performance tests for HomePod product in the IMG Quality Engineering group at Apple. Key Qualifications Experience in Wireless Data Transmission testing Proficiency in Python, Perl and/or shell scripting Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work accordingly Solid knowledge of various audio media formats Experience with performance tests writing and automation Familiarity with iOS, macOS, Unix, and Xcode Description Your focus will be to develop, maintain and execute HomePod performance test plans to ensure the highest performance of the underlying technologies before it reaches our customers’ hands. Testing will comprise of identifying and developing performance tools, performance testing and automation of the performance tests. Automation will be key to this role’s success. In addition to writing and maintaining a set of tests, you will also be responsible for driving fixes of many other critical performance tests run by cross-functional technology teams. You will be also be responsible for the development of methodical testing strategies, creating &amp; tracking high quality bug reports, and reporting on project progress &amp; risk analysis. You will work very closely with HomePod development, project management and cross-functional QA teams to ensure performance is of the highest level for this product. Education B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 