 Engineering Program Manager - PMIC Job Number: 35926028 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a Silicon Program Manager, you will utilize your Program / Project management skills and have significant responsibility for driving Silicon program schedules and resolving technical issues that enable on-time silicon. This is an individual contributor role, helping manage the development process for Custom Silicon used in Apple products. Role encompasses driving full silicon cycle for power management Chips from initial concept, implementation, validation and qualification to mass production. Key Qualifications Typically requires 5+ years of experience in SOC/VLSI Chip Design, ASIC Chip Design, Power Management Chip design or Technology process development. 1+ Years Technical Program or Project Management, Systems Support/Customer Support exp. Experience working in a dynamic engineering environment and real-time crisis management skills. Strong desire to own/drive project development using well defined metrics. Experience working with ASIC &amp; VLSI design flows, and managing silicon projects from concept to production. Experience with power and power management chips is a plus. Experience with designing analog blocks like LDOs, Bandgap, ADC, BUCK, and Boosts is a plus. Experience with Battery management products is a plus. Description •You will work on a PM team responsible for driving technical issue resolution to enable on-time silicon to meet aggressive product schedules. •Driving internal program process to guarantee high quality silicon definition and design execution related to battery or power management silicon. •Supporting high-level milestone execution in a fast paced core technology design team. •Interfacing and driving silicon issues within cross-functional teams: Design, Verification, Validation, Technology, System Hardware and Core Software. •Focusing design teams on meeting near term milestones and unblocking technical issues by pulling together the right cross-functional technical expert(s) to resolve the issues with data based decision-making. •Attend and drive technical sessions with suppliers/design partners to track &amp; follow up issues/escalations. •Disciplined issue reporting, bug tracking, and communication of program risks &amp; status. •Candidate should be able to have technical discussions related to power management blocks with the cross-functional teams. Education •MS or BS Degree in technical discipline 