 Instrumentation Design (ME) Job Number: 56051822 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 9, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Touch Hardware Division Help launch next-generation Touch Technologies in Apple products. The Touch Technology team develops cutting-edge Touch solutions and technologies that are central to Apple’s products, including: iPhone, iPads, AppleWatch, ApplePencil and more. The key goal of the Touch Technology team is to design the world’s best multi-touch user-experience, bring devices to life and enable them to interact with users and the environment in ways never imagined before. Join us in developing solutions yet unknown to the world. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. Key Qualifications Mechanical background - Deep understanding and design experience in systems with Linear and Servo motors. Detailed knowledge in tolerance analysis, thermal expansions and material properties pertaining to high-precision xy stage and robotics design SW background - Highly proficient in programming and data acquisition scripting (C/C++ and Matlab) - Experience with programming embedded micro-controllers HW background - Background and understanding of precision analog (such as RLC and Linear circuits, Data conversion ICs) and time and frequency domains) Excellent critical analysis, statistical analysis, and logic/reasoning skills. Experience with R is a plus Great written and verbal communication skills. Solid teamwork and leadership skills At least 6+ years of relevant experience Experience with Touch technology or other sensor technology is a plus The ideal candidate comes from a Mechanical or Mechatronics background with a strong, hands-on experience in SW coding for user-facing automation. The candidate would have a deep understanding in control systems and experience with robotics or motor-based instrumentation. Description • Architect and design HW &amp; SW test fixtures, using state-of-the-art robotics to automate validation and characterization tests • Create all supporting documentation to assist with fixture usability and scalability • Manage vendors to design and implement validation tools, plan infrastructure at vendor sites, and business travel to support product development • Execute validation and characterization tests on early product prototypes. Author reports and communications pertaining to key validation results and checkpoints • Design and lead innovative solutions for improved test coverage • Define a test methodology across different products. Analyze touch system performance vs. expected results • Design metrics and figures-of-merit to guide touch design and performance tracking. • Develop engineering validation and characterization plans for Apple’s Touch solutions, from proof-of-concept to mass production. • Engage and collaborate with cross-functional teams, including: Test, Firmware, Software, Mechanical design and Reliability Engineering to deliver cutting edge solutions Education • Masters degree in either Mechanical or Mechatronics. PhD is a plus • Additional degree in Computer science on EE is a major advantage 