 Equipment Process Development Engineer Job Number: 46328930 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Responsible for advancing process understanding and leading process improvement efforts related to advanced Li-ion cell pilot scale manufacturing. This position will work closely in cross-functional teams including equipment/machine engineering, cell design engineering, scientist, external vendors and technology partners to realize program goals from initial concept to production introduction. The specific activities include, but not limited to, technical support of manual and semi-automated equipment, process sensitivity studies, process capability evaluations on key parameters, determination of throughput capability, and insuring proper documentation of work instructions. Ideal candidate is a self-starter, with extensive experience in battery technology with a focus on process development. Key Qualifications Lithium ion coating experience Basic understanding of lithium ion cell design and its relationship to manufacturing processes Working knowledge of quality system as applied to new product development and manufacturing including: SPC, ISO, 6Sigma, design of experiments and statistical analysis Experience in contributing to manufacturing development programs with internal engineering groups and external technology development partners Motivated, self starter with excellent time management skills and strong data driven, process orientated approach to area of focus Excellent written and oral communication skills combined with the ability to make engineering decisions based available data and experience Experience supervising and coaching process technicians Prior pilot operation &amp; process development experience desirable with focus on continuous web processes such as multi-layer winding and laminating, thin film laser cutting and mechanical slitting, In-line cold forming and blanking operations Description Perform disciplined process engineering studies, process verification, identify CTQ’s, understand &amp; reduce variation, perform DOEs. Evaluate process data to determine failure modes and identify opportunities to improve. Contribute to the design and operating specification of Li-ion pilot line equipment capable of supporting advanced design, material and process development initiatives. Hands on development efforts related to pilot line process development, optimization, trouble shooting and corrective action implementation. Work with pilot line cross functional teams to install and implement a quality control and tracking data base systems to monitor process capability and identify / track history of materials and process settings used to generate prototype design samples. Assist in technology transfer of process equipment, procedures and techniques to target vendors. Prepare status updates related to development efforts, report and make recommendations as required Education BS or MS in Chemical, Mechanical, Industrial Engineering. Additional Requirements Some travel to external vendors, suppliers and pilot / production line facilities expected. 