 System and Silicon Validation Engineer Job Number: 58090173 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: May. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This is an excellent opportunity to become part of Apple power technology development team with the exemplary company consistently bringing innovations in the industry. In this position, you will be developing and implementing innovative test methodology, which are implemented in products used by millions of people. The position primarily involves test, and characterization including automation for Apple’s systems and custom power silicon to be used in next generation platforms. In this role, the candidate will be responsible for planning and execution of experiments and test plans, and will interpret and regulatory present the findings to cross-functional teams. Key Qualifications ➢MSEE in power electronics with 6+ years experience. ➢Strong principles, design, and testing with DC-DC, AC-DC and DC-AC converters ➢Experience with bench equipment such as power supply, oscilloscope, signal generator, electronic load, spectrum analyzer, etc. ➢Use LabVIEW, Python, device drivers, GPIB, USB, I2C, SPI, and UART interfaces, etc. is strongly preferred ➢Working knowledge with finite state machine (FSM), digital design and verification is a plus ➢Ability to work with development team directly to establish project requirements and develop test plan ➢Ability to complete projects independently with minimal supervision. ➢Exposure to both Windows and MacOS operating systems preferred ➢Strong analytical/problem solving skills and ability to guide critical decisions ➢Must be highly motivated, self-starter with innovation, integrity and attention to details. ➢Proven track record of working in fast paced innovative work environment Description As a System and Silicon Validation Engineer, you will : 1.Test and characterize Apple’s custom power silicons 2.Test and characterize off-the-shelf (OTS) power silicons 3.Test and characterize world-renowned innovative power system eco-systems 4.Build automation into the test setups 5.Develop test plans and publish test reports 6.Design, create schematics and work with layout engineers to build test and evaluation PCBs. 7.Interpret test results of complex mix-signal HW with focus on power electronics 8.Work with design engineers and architects on proof-of-concept (POC) and/or debugging silicon related issues 9.Perform rigorous design reviews with silicon vendors. Drive vendors to get the highest quality of products in a very challenging schedule. 10.Simulation using Pspice, Simplis, Simetrix is a plus. 11.Review and validate paper designs prior to prototyping 12.Work with hardware design and silicon teams to identify characterization needs. 13.Develop experimental methodologies and data visualization tools. 14.Perform corner-case testing for systems and silicons 15.Evaluate and debug design prototypes on the bench and generate detailed engineering reports of findings and recommendations 16.Failure analysis that can identify root cause of power electronics circuits failure 17.Interpretation and analysis of test data to suggest recommendations to aid decision-making 18.Present findings to broad cross-functional teams. 19.Ideal candidate is with work experience in power management system/semiconductor/silicon companies. Education ➢MSEE in power electronics with 6+ years experience. 