 Software Engineering Intern: Back-End Job Number: 99761406 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is currently seeking enthusiastic interns who can work full-time for a minimum of 12-weeks between Fall 2017 and Summer 2018. Our software engineers are the brains behind some of the industry’s biggest breakthroughs. OS X, Siri, and iCloud — not to mention the system-level software for iPhone and Apple TV — all started here. This team is on the front line of Apple’s constant charge toward innovation. Back-end developers are responsible for making the features that our users love, like Siri, work by presenting data to the user-facing applications. Key Qualifications Strong object-oriented design skills, coupled with a deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms Proficiency in one or more of the following developer skills: Java, C/C++, PHP, Python, Ruby, Unix, MySQL, Clojure, Scala, Java Script, CSS Experience in advanced Big Data methodologies such as Data Modeling, Validation, Processing, Hadoop, MapReduce, Mongo, Pig Natural Language, Machine Learning, and/or Artificial Intelligence experience is a plus Client-Server protocol &amp; API design skills Knowledge of key/value and column stores is a plus Able to gather cross-functional requirements and translate them into practical engineering tasks Excellent debugging, critical thinking, and communication skills Description Back-end development opportunities are available in: Siri iCloud Core OS OS X Frameworks and Applications Interactive Media Group Audio/Video Software Integration and Localization Advanced Computation iLife, iWorks, Aperture, and Pro Apps iTunes Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Education Must be currently enrolled in a BS/MS/PhD program in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Design, or related fields. Must also return to school after the internship to continue education or an internship must be required for graduation from your school. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 