 Siri Software Engineer Job Number: 113191093 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Siri team is looking for someone with a combination of strong programming skills and a creative, user-focused mindset. We seek a true team player who can collaborate with engineers in several technical areas who have created the entire range of Siri's capabilities. You should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile and desktop computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple! Key Qualifications Strong Computer Science fundamentals including familiarity with basic algorithms In-depth development experience with server-side Java and web services Strong object-oriented programming and design skills Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Experience writing multi-threaded code Description Contribute to a team that is focusing on enhancing Siri’s Engineering productivity by enhancing and implementing internal infrastructure. Partner with and delight Siri’s core engineering teams to develop and enhance existing systems and processes to help ensure and maintain quality delivery across a broad technology base as well as developing tools to provide insights into new features and usage patterns to improve Siri’s user experience. Specific responsibilities include: Integrating data feeds and live service providers using web services Working with our platform team to define infrastructure interfaces Working with design and client-side teams to ensure a great user experience Working with localization team to support the Siri experience in multiple languages Education BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent and 3+ years of industry experience 