 Software Engineer Job Number: 113172351 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 30, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Our team is building the next generation tools empowering Apple’s software developers to build the products our customers love. We're a fast moving, highly skilled team designing and building a continuous integration and delivery system that Apple developers use to build, test and deploy their products. Our system has to scale globally, stay highly available, and "just work”. That's a tall order, and we're looking to add more talented and passionate engineers who love dealing with such challenges. Key Qualifications Excellent programming skills in both scripting and high-performance languages—NodeJs, Ruby, and Java experience, a plus! Ability to pick up new programming languages, frameworks, and technologies fast. Full stack infrastructure experience with running, testing, and deploying production systems and ecosystems Understanding of distributed systems Familiar with maintaining large data stores—Cassandra and Solr experience, a plus. Love for developing well-tested code and products at both the unit and functional level Any combination of experience with: Configuration management tools and automation Build systems and continuous integration pipelines Automated black-box software testing Description The Software Engineer will work on the Platform Test Infrastructure team. This is a small team developing and supporting the test automation stack for the software which forms the foundation for exciting products and services that are relied on by hundreds of millions of people worldwide. We are looking for an extremely capable engineer who has a strong background in software development and who has built well-designed, reliable, and extensible systems. In this highly visible position, the successful candidate will collaborate with other engineering teams to define and implement testing tools and developer focused applications for some of the core backend platform frameworks and systems that will power next generation Apple Internet services. Education BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent 