 Blackbox Software Quality Assurance Engineer Job Number: 86225831 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are looking for a Blackbox QA Engineer to join our iTunes Store QA Team. Our team is responsible for running all ecommerce for the iTunes Store and is an integral part of an exciting and dynamic development organization. You will be responsible for testing and qualification of the iTunes Music Store and related services with a focus on testing e-commerce related features including consumer client interfaces and commerce data reconciliation. In addition,you will be interacting with internal and external teams and at times will be assigned infrastructure related projects for scalability solutions. With customers in over 155 countries, we are a fast-growing marketplace for music, movies, TV shows, books - and, of course, apps. Come join us! Key Qualifications 5+ years of QA experience, with a consistent track record detecting and writing bug reports Experience working with OS X and iOS, Android or Windows platforms Proficiency in Java, Javascript, Unix, SQL, CSS, HTML, XML You're flexible and able to adapt to rapidly changing requirements You have a proven ability to partner and communicate multi-functionally, and to seek out information when required You're able to work independently You're comfortable with command-line interfaces, some exposure to shell scripts and UNIX. Strong analytical skills and ability to autonomously solve problems, as well as collaborate with your team Strong verbal and written communication Description You are a strong individual contributor that can work on projects independently and will also be required to collaborate with other team members. You are dynamic and prepared to test/ regress a high volume of changes on a day-to-day basis. You are detail oriented and are able to both perform and reconcile test data. Education BS in Computer Science or similar experience Additional Requirements Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 