 Data Scientist (Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language), Siri Job Number: 83649629 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Play a part in the ongoing revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. Key Qualifications Proficiency in data science and analytics, including statistical analyses and A/B testing Experience designing, conducting, analyzing, and interpreting experiments and investigations Strong programming skills, expert knowledge of algorithms and data structures (Python, Java, or equivalent) Expertise in various facets of machine learning and natural language processing; such as classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling, and ranking Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, creativity, organizational, design, and communication skills; ability to interact with all levels of engineers Proven ability to manage multiple projects with strict deadlines Prior experience with applying Big Data tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive and/or Pig, Spark) to large quantities of textual data is a plus Coursework or interest in computational linguistics and/or cognitive science is a plus Description The goal of the Siri Machine Learning &amp; Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced statistical techniques. The Data Scientist role in this team has a spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. At one end, you would work on deriving key insights from large amounts of usage data to suggest new features and fundamental improvements to the user experience. At the other end, you would work on core machine learning algorithms and systems that are part of Siri’s ability to understand and respond to requests. You should be passionate about creating phenomenal products. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is a unique opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of various disciplines such as data science and machine learning, and your work will have a huge impact on hundreds of millions of users across the globe. Education Master's or Phd in Computer Science or a data-driven physical science, or equivalent 