 CPU - Load-Store RTL Architect Job Number: 37875276 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 7, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple’s Silicon Engineering Group (SEG) designs high-performance, low power microprocessors that power iPhone and iPad. We are looking for an experienced engineer for Load-Store architecture and RTL development. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate should possess 10+ years of CPU RTL and architecture experience. Knowledge and experience with the following aspects of CPU architecture: Out-of-order execution Data address generation, translation, and memory management Load-Store microarchitectures, and memory ordering requirements. Advanced data prefetching strategies Cache designs Coherence protocols Knowledge of Verilog and/or VHDL. Experience with simulators and waveform debugging tools. Knowledge of logic design principles along with timing and power implications. Understanding of low power microarchitecture techniques. Understanding of high performance techniques and trade-offs in a CPU microarchitecture. Experience in C or C++ programming and interpretive languages such as Perl or Python. Description As a load-store architect you will own or participate in the following: RTL ownership. Development, assessment and refinement of RTL design to target power, performance, area and timing goals in the areas of out-of-order integer and memory op execution, memory management, data address generation and translation, store data forwarding and data caching. Microarchitecture development and specification. From early high-level architectural exploration, through microarchitectural research and arriving at a detailed specification. Performance exploration. Explore high performance strategies and work with the verification team to validate that the RTL design meets targeted performance. Design delivery. Work with cross-functional engineering team to implement and validate physical design on the aspects of timing, area, reliability, testability and power. Education Education: Required: Bachelor’s, Electrical or Computer Engineering Preferred: Master’s or PhD, Electrical or Computer Engineering 