 Localization Project Manager Job Number: 113146921 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are looking for an experienced localization project manager to join the AppleCare Localization team on site in Cupertino, CA. Key Qualifications Minimum of 3+ years experience in a localization project management role. Proficient knowledge of Translation Management Systems, Translation Memories, Term Databases, etc. Experience with SDL WorldServer is strongly preferred. Fluency in a non-English language and / or translation experience is preferred. Technically savvy, with knowledge of software / content development and QA methods. High attention to detail, efficient time-management and strong organizational skills. Thorough understanding of localization best practices, processes and tools. Ability to operate in fast-flowing, technically slanted meetings with a wide cross-section of stakeholders. Strong ability to solve problems and dive in to localization-related challenges, skillfully leveraging learnings from your past experiences. Experience juggling a high workload of concurrent projects, challenging schedules and conflicting priorities. Skilled at influencing and motivating others; particularly when it comes to bringing localization to the mainstream in our business partners’ project planning and development processes. Ability to perform in a dynamic and versatile environment while adjusting to changing business requirements. Description The day-to-day job requirements change as needed in order to support the fluctuating needs of our business partners. Some of the tasks you will perform daily: - Work together with our Senior Localization Project Manager to support the localization needs of our Field Services department. - Analyze requirements and obtain supporting reference material; clearly communicate same to localization vendors. - Create and / or process translation projects in WorldServer, assign to vendor and monitor through the workflow all the way through to on-time delivery. - Manage schedule challenges, query cycles, and Linguistic QA, to ensure successful delivery to our clients. - Collaborate with relevant stakeholders(within AppleCare, across Apple, and externally) to resolve questions or conflicts related to terminology, language quality, technology and workflow. - Continual involvement and partnership with client projects; injecting yourself in their general and project-specific meetings, understanding their processes, roadmaps and challenges as pertains to localization. All this for the purpose of making localization a core part of their projects rather than an after-thought. -Identify and implement process improvements when and where necessary at any point in the content creation / localization workflow. Education BS/BA or equivalent experience in an area related to Localization or Project Management is preferred 