 Full Stack LAMP Developer Job Number: 86413655 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking a motivated and talented individual to join our GCS Development team. This LAMP full stack developer will focus on tools that track and report on the use of IS&amp;T systems. You should have a passion for large scale systems capacity planning and system logistics, working cross-functionally with various business, facilities, and engineering teams. We strive for optimal operation and growth of our computing resources from both a cost and technology perspective. To that, quick development cycles are key to our success. Broad experience in systems management and a clear understanding of scaling constraints, systems design and analysis is essential. Knowledge of data center structure and design is strongly preferred. Key Qualifications Superior statistical and data analysis skills 3+ years LAMP development, including design, with perl and shell scripting Understanding of data center resource planning and related systems capacity planning Excellent communication skills, and ability to work effectively across multiple teams Technical background with a focus on systems and data center engineering Description The LAMP developer will create solutions that provide meaningful baselines and reports on Apples properties and service tiers. Support the growth and expansion through the tracking and analysis of demand signal, workload forecasts and project demand requirements. Key deliverables are: Develop forecast models for growth, including usage-driven scale-up of existing environments and new datacenter build-outs. Design and build tools to access, process and visualize capacity related data. Work with operations to ensure capacity plans are in lockstep with pipeline and inventory supplies Identify potential capacity issues, and work with engineering, and operations to design elegant and efficient solutions Present project and cost analysis in written and presentation form Education BS or MS in Computer Science (preferred) or a Technology Degree 