 Education Partner Manager - Business Development and Program Manager Job Number: 113065005 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 10, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The people here at Apple don’t just create products - they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Apple works with a variety of “partners” who can add significant and differentiated value to our solution for education customers. The Apple Education team is looking for a partner program manager to develop, define, and drive a streamlined GTM framework with critical program metrics that will enable the company to identify, support and measure the efficacy of the Education Partner Program. This program needs rapid development and ongoing iteration/optimization to increase sales, expand reach and improve customer satisfaction in the dynamic K20 education marketplace. In this role you are responsible for collaborating with Education Partners as well as Apple’s sales and cross-functional leaders to develop a GTM implementation strategy for the field sales team. You will develop a scalable framework to manage both the long term and day-to-day enablement of the sales team. You will devise a data gathering and analysis strategy so Apple has a centralized and consistent way to measure the contribution to our business and the health across all partners in the program on a quarterly basis. This includes contractual obligations (if necessary), demand generation reporting, sales metrics, leading quarterly business reviews and executive readouts. You will ensure there is alignment across all program participants around program vision, strategic initiatives and daily activities. Key Qualifications Excellent interpersonal, communication, and written skills. Able to develop clear, concise documentation, including project briefs and presentations. Extraordinary commitment to partner experience and standards of excellence. Experience with Apple’s hardware and software solutions across the K20 education landscape. Experience of Apple’s education solutions in both pre sales and post sales environments. Innovative approach to problem solving. A natural diplomat who can balance the disparate needs of many parties; open to constant feedback and able to acknowledge the perspective of others. Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment; able to deal with ambiguity and drive results. Highly motivated to achieve excellence. Experience of Apple’s education channel partners. Experience of Apple’s field sales team. Experience of Apple Education internationally. Up to 50% travel will be required. Description Partner Management: Work with partner managers and cross functional teams to assist with program on-boarding and day to day management of partners - constantly work towards streamlining partner management and engagement process. Develop a framework for priority partners and a pathway for future partnerships. Collaborate with all external partners to inform and collate reporting requirements for the Education Partner program on a quarterly basis as well as any ad hoc reporting needed for special initiatives. Strategic alignment: Drive regular touch points with all relevant teams to ensure partnerships are aligned to the division’s strategic plan. Strive for consistency in execution of program elements such as training, partner success measurement, demand generation and understanding of new initiatives. Work with product marketing and field marketing teams to prioritize and measure partner success. Ensure internal tools are up to date with the latest partner information and drive field sales team engagement with resources. Education Relevant tertiary education, industry qualifications, or experience required. Master’s degree preferred. Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Additional Requirements This is a non-commissioned, full-time position. Up to 50% travel will be required. Salary will be determined according to qualifications and experience. 