 Procurement Specialist Job Number: 113026338 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 13, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary • Identify and prioritize project tasks and risks • Support various sourcing and supply projects by providing relevant data analytics and recommendations. • Support the development of long range strategic sourcing plans to reduce total costs, optimize value from suppliers, and meet internal customer requirements. • Coordinate project reviews; communicating project status and top engineering issues to project team and management • Coordinate design process to ensure design meets intended project goals • Coordinate and delegate incoming procurement requests from all employees. • Drive suppliers / vendors, integrating their deliverables and schedules into project • Partner with internal and external stakeholders to capture and develop key requirements and work to direct into appropriate buying channels in order to extract maximum value. • Lead and manage special projects to ensure procurement objectives are being met; collaborate with procurement team and business unit stakeholders Key Qualifications • 5+ combined experience in procurement. • Excellent communication, organizational skills • Ability to filter and distill relevant information for the right audience • Self motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking skills • Understands and deals well with rapid development cycles; remains flexible and calm in the face of ambiguity • Detailed knowledge and understanding of product development processes • Detailed project tracking and track record of meeting deliverables • Experience interfacing with operations team, vendors and contractors Description As a Procurement Specialist within Apple’s Special Projects organization, you will be responsible for managing project schedules, budgets, and vendors. We are a group of self-starters, capable of providing on-site leadership with an eye for detail. We have a solid track record of delivering projects on time while exemplifying the utmost attention to quality. Candidate will work in close collaboration with various cross-functional engineering and design teams, vendors, and contractors. Education * BS Degree with 5-10 years of direct experience required 