 Senior Product Manager, Digital Catalog Job Number: 113187593 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 2, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Apple is seeking a talented, customer centric, results-driven Product Manager to join the Apple Online Store. This role is focused on the evolution of the core product data management system and applications used to support and enable Retail. As the Product Manager for Digital Catalog, you will be responsible for defining a critical part of the roadmap, in partnership with, Product, Publishing, Engineering and other cross-functional groups. Our ideal candidate has in-depth experience working within large-scale product information or content management systems, defining application features and implementing production workflows from initial demand, requirement definition, interface design through final delivery. Key Qualifications A passion for data and data structure. This position requires the Product Manager to be hands on and have a deep understanding of product data management. Strong understanding of technology, the process of software engineering and UI design Demonstrated success in business process improvement/re-engineering. Strong quantitative and qualitative business case analysis skills Detailed understanding of hierarchies, hierarchy management and strategic processes is preferred. High situational fluency Description 5+ years of software Product Management/Marketing experience with proven track record for shipping great products Strong analytical skills with ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions Track record for defining requirements, feature sets and assessing key risk areas/opportunities Experience planning, managing, and delivering small, medium and large projects Outstanding written, verbal, and presentation skills Proven ability to launch successful customer focused experiences with tangible results. Demonstrated ability to build an effective product roadmap breaking down complex initiatives into meaningful milestones. Proven ability to forge strong relationships and lead cross-functional teams Be the internal champion for smart, sustainable applications and processes. Must exhibit high degree of ownership and accountability. Strong leadership skills with a proactive participative style. Education BS/BA degree required, MS/MA preferred. Additional Requirements Software engineering or user-interface design experience Experience with Scrum or Agile development Ability to see how technology can solve various business problems Lean methodology or Six Sigma Certificatio 