 Touch HW Validation Design (EE) Job Number: 47662178 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Mar. 30, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Help launch next-generation Touch Technologies in Apple products. The Touch Technology team develops cutting-edge Touch solutions and technologies that are central to Apple’s products, including the iPads, AppleWatch, and more. The key goal of the Touch Technology team is to design the world’s best multi-touch user-experience. Bring devices to life and enable them to interact with users and the environment in ways never imagined before. Join us in developing solutions the world doesn't know of yet. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. Key Qualifications • 5+ years of relevant experience as a mixed-signal Validation / Verification / Product / Application engineer • Proficient in test automation scripting such as Python, PERL, Shell, C, LabView or similar • Proficient in data visualization and statistical analysis tools such as JMP, SpotFire, Matlab or MS-Excel • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Solid teamwork skills The ideal candidate is an experienced HW Validation or Product engineer that has worked on a mixed-signal system, sensor or IC (such as ADC, DAC or PMIC). This candidate would have developed test metrics, designed test automation scripts and data analysis visualization scripts, and executed tests to verify correlation with expected results. Description Job Description: • Develop and execute engineering validation and characterization plans for Apple’s touch solutions, from proof-of-concept to mass production • Design metrics and figures-of-merit to guide touch design and performance tracking • Architect and design HW &amp; SW infrastructure including state-of-the-art robotics to automate validation and characterization tests • Verify correlation between Automation to bench setups. Lead GR&amp;R efficacy • Define a test methodology across different products. Analyze touch system performance vs expected results • Manage vendors to implement validation tools, plans and infrastructure at vendor sites. Business travel to support product development • Lead innovative solutions for improved test coverage • Perform failure mode analysis. Use state-of-the-art analysis tools to drive root cause diagnosis and system-level problem solving • Author reports and communications pertaining to key results and checkpoints • Engage and collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Test, Firmware, Software, mechanical design and Reliability Engineering to deliver cutting edge solutions Key skills: • 5+ years of relevant experience in testing a mixed-signal product, including hands-on experience with bench validation and characterization • 3+ years Experience with data processing and visualization tools such as JMP, SpotFire, Matlab or MS-Excel. • 3+ years Experience in creating test automation scripts using Python, PERL, shell, C/C++, LabView, VB or similar • Strong electrical engineering background in mixed-signal testing methodologies • Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork skills are mandatory • Experience in Design of Experiments (DoE), FA/CA (Failure Analysis / Corrective Action) is a major advantage. • Experience with Touch technology is a plus. Education B.S. in Electrical Engineering is mandatory. Masters degree is a major advantage 