 Manufacturing Design Engineer Job Number: 113204809 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Mac Manufacturing Design Engineers are responsible for the development and implementation of key production processes in a high volume environment for Apple Mac Products. In this highly visible role, you will have direct frequent communication and collaboration with Apple Industrial Design, Product Design, Manufacturing Design and worldwide suppliers. Key Qualifications Experience with fabricating parts or jigs, fixtures, tooling, injection molding, plastics, ceramics, machine shop (CNC, mills, lathes) experience is required. Prefer a solid understanding of DOE, GD&amp;T, SPC and mechanical fabrication techniques Engineering management or program management background is considered a + Description Candidate will utilize manufacturing background in the following areas: Process Development: Assess the suitability of a fabrication technology for a given part design Plan validation exercises to demonstrate process feasibility and capability. Planning, proposing, and leading experiments to produce analyses used to drive design, development, and supply chain decisions Reviewing progress of development activities at supplier locations and serve as point of escalation for critical process related issues New Product Introduction: Acts as lead engineer to drive process development and capability assessment activities, reviewing part design documentation to ensure alignment with process capability Assign specific tasks and work with Apple suppliers to support process development and/or data gathering activities. Set clear goals for results and provide timely reviews of performance throughout program Establish validation procedures to determine acceptance of processes into development builds as well as mass production Supplier Execution: Review supplier tool design, process flow, equipment selection, DFM, and DOE proposals Identify shortfalls and corrective actions to ensure design compliance. Work with supplier engineering teams to map out process development exercises, secure resources, and commit to schedules in line with program goals Assess supplier readiness to support build events and production ramp. Identify potential execution issues and provide recommendations to mitigate risk. Education MSME/BSME, or equivalent. MBA a +, but not required. 