 Product Manager, Movies and TV Job Number: 57275470 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 24, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Product Manager, Digital Media — Movies and TV, will have responsibility for defining, building, and marketing new products, features, and services as part of the Apple Media Products team. Strong understanding of technology, the process of software engineering and UI design, plus a keen sense of diplomacy required. Passion for Movies, TV shows and digital entertainment is a must. Key Qualifications Digital video content distribution fluency Mastery of product positioning and messaging Software engineering and user-interface design experience Thorough knowledge of iOS, tvOS, macOS, watchOS; Windows and Android a plus 5+ years of experience in software/media product development Strong oral and written communications Strong presentation skills—creating and delivering Description Discerns new product areas to develop and assist in creating video product line strategy. Manages the process used to define a product's features. Develops, communicates, and positions the product in relation to other products. Works on new product areas, many of which have great potential impact to Apple. Drives the definition of broad, complex, and high impact products and services for worldwide markets. Requires strong diplomacy skills to build consensus between competing business needs, objectives, and teams. Makes successful tradeoffs that impact users, cost, schedule, and how well the product works throughout the product life cycle. Provides product leadership from introduction through obsolescence, evaluates new technologies, articulates issues, and makes clear recommendations. Guides user-experience research to identify obstacles, improve ease-of-use and customer satisfaction. Articulates research findings to management in order to impact future product direction. Creates and delivers formal presentations and conducts group discussions on products for a broad range of Apple audiences. Plays a key role in new product announcement events. Helps develop and review public relations and marketing communications materials such as collateral, press releases, and data sheets. Has expert knowledge of competitive and 3rd party products and competitor strategy. Independently identifies and analyzes the possible impact of competitive/3rd party products on Apple's products and makes recommendations as needed. Time management and prioritization skills are critical. Education BS/BA degree, MS/MA/MBA a plus 