 HR HelpLine Representative (Bilingual) Job Number: 113131393 Austin, Texas, United States Posted: Oct. 17, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Human Resources HelpLine is looking for someone to join the team and provide support to Apple employees on various topics including benefits, employee compensation, personnel data, HR systems and web tools. The HR HelpLine is the first point of contact in the resolution, escalation, or routing of inquiries. This role is located on our campus in Austin, Texas. Key Qualifications Bilingual fluency in English and either Spanish or French is required (reading, writing and speaking) Flexible to work increased hours during training and high call volume cycles Demonstrates the ability to work with confidential data Exceptional interpersonal skills required Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills Strong problem solving skills Must have strong organizational skills and the ability to multi-task Demonstrates ability to work well in a collaborative environment Experience with HR Information Systems is strongly preferred Description As a member of the HR HelpLine team, you will be responsible for ensuring that employee inquiries are answered and/or properly routed in a timely manner. We are looking for self-motivated and friendly individuals who have a passion and proven track record for solving customer issues in an efficient and effective manner. Exceptional communication skills, outstanding interpersonal skills, and the ability to work cross-functionally to achieve team goals are a must. Strong integrity and the ability to maintain confidentiality are required. An ideal candidate would have the following skills: A team-player who can also work alone when needed. An individual who can multi-task by handling phone inquiries and capturing pertinent details for documentation. A detail-oriented, organized individual with analytical skills who can pull, understand, and report on business metrics. A creative person who can capture trends and offer proactive solutions. A go-getter who will provide the best possible customer experience with every employee interaction. Education Minimum 2+ years of HR experience and/or HR degree 