 Operations Finance Commodity Analyst Job Number: 113056622 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 22, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Team up with Apple, one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry. Join the Apple Finance organization and make a positive impact on a company that is known for its impressive lineup of products, including Mac, iPod, iPhone, iPad, and iLife. At Apple, you’ll share in a commitment to excellence by partnering with world-class managers, all with one unified vision – creating innovative products that delight customers. Finance is about “fueling innovation”. We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity, personal accountability, teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. If you exemplify our values and want to be part of something big, contact us today. Key Qualifications Specific responsibilities include the following: Preparation of key commodity forecasts used in monthly purchase price variance forecast and gross margin analysis Provide support and guidance to operations personnel as issues arise related to the supply chain or business processes Reconciliation of actual costs to forecasted costs for key commodities Supply chain analysis for key commodities to identify major drivers in cost changes for key commodities Reconciliation and analysis of Apple supply chain data to contract manufacturer and supplier data Preparation of quarter end accounting entries necessary for accurately representing the cost of key commodities in the financial statements Other ad hoc requests related to the supply chain Business process reengineering System automation projects Description The Worldwide Procurement Finance group creates and provides analytical support for critical cost data, including standard costs, forecasted costs, and actual costs for Apple. Within the Worldwide Procurement group, this position reports to the Manager of Commodity Financial Management. Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal and presentation skills. Analytical/problem-solving skills at macro and micro level. Detail oriented. Ability to work with minimal supervision while performing a variety of complex and non-routine tasks. Effectively handle ambiguity and uncertainty. Solid knowledge of Excel. Experience with SAP is a plus. Operations and Supply Chain Finance experience a plus. 2 to 6 years related finance/accounting experience. Education Minimum of Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or relevant field 