 Electrical Engineer (FPGA Design) Job Number: 113040109 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 18, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Apple Engineering Team is looking for an enthusiastic, creative, and self driven FPGA Design engineer with good understanding of Electrical Engineering. The candidate will work in a small team of HW, FPGA &amp; SW engineers who collaboratively build functional Prototypes of Display technologies, which eventually find their way in Apple’s future products. Key Qualifications Min. 2 years of experience utilizing Xilinx Vivado Tool chain. Min. 2 years of hands-on experience with FPGA architecture, design, coding, simulating, and debugging FPGA on actual HW. Strong understanding how your HDL/RTL code will be synthesized into FPGA fabric. Code for performance! Knowledge on FPGA’s HW requirements - DC Power supplies, Terminations, Signal Integrity. Hands-on experience using any 7 series Xilinx FPGAs - Artix-7, Kintex-7, Virtex-7, UltraScale, Zynq etc. Built FPGA designs involving high-performance interfaces like DDR2/3/4, LVDS, DSPs, Ethernet, etc. Knowledge &amp; Experience using low-speed data/control interfaces like SPI, UART, I2C etc. Knowledge of FPGA fabric - Clock Regions, Bank IO Constraints, Clocking resources - CMTs, PLLs, DLLs etc. Understanding static timing analysis, and ability to read timing reports &amp; fix timing issues in RTL. Must have practical lab debugging skills to bring-up FPGA designs on actual PCBs using Oscilloscope, Protocol Analyzers Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional product development HW &amp; SW teams. Description Strong Analytical aptitude and meticulous attention to detail. Demonstrate creativity in problem solving, ability to think out-of-box, and adapt quickly to new technical areas. Create and give presentations before and after prototyping new ideas. Participate in FPGA design - RTL coding, module &amp; system level test bench design, simulation, synthesis and HW bring-up. Participate in HW design reviews, and help improve existing design. Communicate and demonstrate prototypes to Cross-Functional Teams. Education MS/BS in Electrical Engineering. MS with 2+ years, or BS with 3+ years of relevant FPGA Design experience. Additional Requirements Micro-controller / Xilinx Microblaze experience is a Plus. EE Schematics &amp; Board Design/Layout experience is a Plus. FW Development experience using C/C++ is a Plus. Scripting or Test Automation is a Plus. 