 Touch ASIC Digital Architect (EE) Job Number: 48372422 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Apr. 27, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Design, develop, and launch next-generation Touch Technologies in Apple products. The Touch Technology team develops cutting-edge Touch solutions and technologies that are central to Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, MacBooks, and more. The key goal of the Touch Technology team is to enable the world’s best multi-touch user-experience. New challenges arise everyday that require the sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. Come, join us in crafting best-in-class solutions! Key Qualifications Hands-on experience in design, development and launch of high volume IC designs in consumer products; direct experience with touch technology and / or flat panel display technology is beneficial. Strong electrical engineering background in digital signal processing, practical digital transceiver architecture design, digital filter design, mixed-signal design, and embedded system design. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills. Proficiency in MATLAB, Verilog, or similar simulation, design and modeling tools. Experience with Touch technology is a plus. Description Key Responsibilities: Touch sensor digital system architecture. Develop high performance, low power signal processing architectures and sensing algorithms to achieve the best touch solutions. System-level design and IC micro-architecture definition of complex digital and mixed-signal ASICS including requirements for: - ARM processing, memory, and DSP sub-system, Power Management, Reset, clocking, I/O interfaces, and peripherals. - Define common Digital platform architecture framework including design methodology and best practices to be used as a reference for Architecture team Cross disciplinary design optimization, hardware/software design partitioning, trade-off assessments, design checking and tolerance analysis. Author detailed specifications, analyses, and characterization plans for touch system ASIC’s FPGA emulation system design, lead pre-silicon system validation, prototype bring-up, debug, validation, characterization, and including module integration support Defect root cause analysis and resolution, including diligent bug database tracking. Minimal business travel as needed to support product development. Cross-functional Responsibilities: Manage cross-function technical development of Touch solutions. Engage and collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Mechanical Engineering, Firmware Engineering, and Process Engineering, to deliver state-of-the-art Touch solutions. Author presentations that communicate program status, technical issues, risks, and mitigations plans, clearly and concisely. Contribute technical assessments to strategic decision-making relating to technology and investments. Education M.S. or Ph.D in Electrical Engineering or industry experience equivalent. 