 Motion Sensing Hardware Engineer: Pressure Sensor Job Number: 45969613 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jan. 24, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary This individual will be responsible for specifying, developing, characterizing, and validating motion and environmental sensing systems. Applicant must be familiar with MEMS sensor technologies such as motion and environmental sensor performance metrics, pressure sensor usage and limitations, system integration and packaging, and manufacturing technologies of such sensors. The Motion Sensing Hardware Team features a collaborative environment with creative, smart people and cutting edge technologies. This team defines and integrates MEMS, magnetic and capacitive sensors across a variety of Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, Watch, and MacBooks. Engineering excellence and thoroughness are expected and encouraged. Invention and patent creation are expected and supported. The main goal of this sensing technology team at Apple is to push the envelope of design and ship innovative products with best-in-class technologies and user experiences. Key Qualifications 2+ years of hands-on experience and proven track record in sensing system hardware engineering. Experience in architecture, design, characterization, and validation of pressure sensing systems that includes theory of operation, signal processing, fabrication, packaging and design trade-offs. Fundamental knowledge and experience in physics, mechanical, electrical, and material science engineering, and manufacturing technology relevant for sensor fabrication. Proficient in simulation, data collection, data analysis, and statistical analysis tools (ANSYS, Comsol, Matlab, Python, JMP). Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills. The willingness and ability to travel are required. Description Core Responsibilities: Work cross-functionally to identify and specify critical performance parameters and error sensitivities. Evaluate and drive sensor design, technology, manufacturing processes, and system integration. Diagnose engineering issues with true scientific method driving to definitive root cause. Identify, create, and document new sensing system metrics that deliver performance and matter to customer perception. Develop measurement methods and equipment that are repeatable, reproducible, and automated as appropriate to enable thorough validation coverage of sensors on tight development schedules. Support engineering build activities with performance validation measurements, yield optimization, and failure analysis coordination. Performance matching across multiple sources for sensors. Work with suppliers to proactively identify and resolve issues of matching to our specs. Analyze trade-offs among performance, manufacturability, size, schedule and cost. Travel to supplier facilities and manufacturing sites for production validation and issues resolution. Create and help improve engineering requirements specifications for sensors. Prepare and deliver presentations to clearly communicate technical status, risks and mitigation strategies for ongoing sensing system programs. Education Requires PhD degree in engineering or Bachelor/MS degree plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant industry experience. 