 Senior Big Data Engineer Job Number: 99613876 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 14, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a member of the Siri Data Engineering Operations team within the Siri organization, you will be faced with highly complex issues in a large scale, distributed system environment. In order to ensure a reliable and rewarding Siri experience, you will be empowered to develop and design new solutions heavily focused on system automation. We look for talented engineers in both the Operations and Development space to bring these unique solutions to production at a rapid pace. From an Operations perspective, this makes us the most successful personal assistant in the industry. Key Qualifications Knowledge of the Linux operation system (OS, networking, process level) Understanding of Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Hbase, Spark, Kafka, Flume, Hive, etc) Understanding of one or more object-oriented programming languages (Java, C++) Fluent in at least one scripting language (Shell, Python, Ruby, etc.) Strong verbal and written communication skills Passionate about being a part of a tight-knit Operations team Description The Siri Data Engineering Operations team manages the platform for both ingestion and analytics of worldwide Siri events. To accomplish this, we build automation tools and services to prevent failures and page out individuals when there really is a problem, not just noise. Our engineers not only work closely with Operations, but also with the development and analytics engineers within Siri, as well as outside organizations. We build data pipelines for maximum efficiency, scalability and reliability to allow domain specific engineers to focus on their specialties. A successful candidate will have experience in being a Systems Administrator that has moved on to development and automation in their career. - Operate Apple’s largest infrastructure supporting millions of Siri customers at double digit PB scale - Troubleshoot complex issues across the entire stack - Design and develop automation frameworks to handle both development and production events at scale - Advise other teams (within and outside of Siri) on technical direction - Make changes to our environment with the purpose of pushing Siri to the next level Education B.S. degree in Computer Science or 3+ years of building data pipelines experience or equivalent. Additional Requirements (Nice to have) - Java JVM performance tuning/optimizations - Mesos compute platforms and job schedulers 