 Optical Sensor Design &amp; Characterization Engineer Job Number: 46967705 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jul. 5, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary As a key member of the Core Sensing Devices team, you will be responsible for the modeling, design, optimization, and characterization of pixels, in-pixel circuits, and development of new sensors. In your new role, you will be at the center of efforts to develop new image sensing technology, and you will engage with cross-functional teams working on many aspects of system, module, circuit, and device development. Key Qualifications 3+ years of relevant experience in pixel development, sensor design, and sensor electro-optical characterization. Hands-on experience in optical device simulation (TCAD). Basic knowledge of process development (CMOS). Experience in analog/mixed-signal circuit design with emphasis on front-end circuits and/or data converters. Experience in model-based design with advanced math skills. Experience in electro-optical characterization of imaging solutions. Proficiency in modeling and data analysis tools (e.g. MATLAB, etc.) Programing skills to develop or adapt software/firmware for characterization purposes. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Background in solid-state electronic devices with solid understanding of device physics. Ideal candidates are familiar with image sensor technology, image sensor performance metrics, image sensor usage, and integration into camera systems. Description As an Optical Sensor Design &amp; Characterization Engineer, your core responsibilities will be: Devise, model, design, implement, and characterize pixels and optical detectors for specific applications. Development and validation of sensor specifications to engage with internal and external partners. Collaborating with global image sensor suppliers to develop new image sensors for different applications. Developing and implementing new characterization methods and equipment. Documenting and presenting your results to both internal and external engineering teams. Working with internal and external teams to assure that sufficient and correct testing is implemented at all stages to guarantee performance. Cross-functional collaboration to develop next generation imaging products and features. Education MSc/PhD in physics, electrical engineering, or a similar discipline 