 Operations Manager - Maps Evaluation Metrics Job Number: 112970378 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Nov. 3, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are a cross functional evaluation team of subject matter experts and statisticians measuring the quality of a range of Apple Maps algorithms, such as Map search, recommendations, routing and geocoding. Our group works with the engineering and data teams responsible for developing the algorithms, and provides them with quality metrics for their products and ideas for improvements. Our evaluation data is generated by large teams of human judges, and represents the end user experience of Apple Maps. Key Qualifications Demonstrated team management and leadership experience Must have experience with Search Relevance analysis techniques. Experience with project management on complex, highly cross-functional projects Self-motivated and pro-active, with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities Outstanding communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all level of an organization Strong attention to detail Strong team player Ability to work with ambiguity Strong quantitive, analytical and problem solving skills Description We are looking for a talented and experienced Manager to oversee the work of our human judgment team. You will manage a team of market leads in order to produce accurate rating data at scale, to drive improvements in core Apple Maps algorithms and data. Your main responsibilities will include managing and supporting teams of market leads, and developing tools and processes to efficiently manage their work. You will coach, mentor and develop the team of Market Leads which includes providing career development planning and opportunities. To be successful in this role you must have a passion for actionable analytics and leveraging quantitative and qualitative data to drive productivity and quality of human judgments at scale. The position involves the following responsibilities: Oversee day-to-day operations of a team of Market Leads located in Sunnyvale CA. Manage external relationships with key partners Successfully negotiate, prioritize and ensure daily business operations are optimized Support, supervise, train and coach team members Manage work performed by outsourced vendors and drive improvements and efficiencies Identify and eliminate root cause barriers to accuracy and productivity Proactively build business relationships with internal and external customers Establishing and maintaining key cross- functional internal and external relationships. Education Bachelor degree required, at a minimum. Business or technical degree preferred. 4+ years of experience in an Operations, Business Development, Program Management, or Project Management field Additional Requirements Experience generating human judgments to evaluate or train algorithms Enjoys working in diverse, international teams Fluent in a second language 