 Analog IP Design Manager Job Number: 52696536 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Jun. 12, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Lead, grow and manage high performing Analog IP Circuit design team. Work with Analog IP team and cross-functional organizations to create IP specifications based on product/system requirements. Drive modeling and architecture of Analog IP to derive block-level requirements design decisions. Drive architecture and feasibility studies for next generation Analog IP architectures for improved performance, area and power. Drive IP verification methodologies, best practices, and flow improvements. Coordinate IP integration, schedules, silicon bring-up, debug and logistics with internal team and cross-functional organizations. Complete detailed design reviews of IP and provide mentorship to team. Drive/review yield/lab test results for silicon characterization and debug. Drive detailed documentation and transfer of learning across design generations. Work with individual contributors on career development and growth. Key Qualifications Managing and leading Analog IP design teams Design of high-performance analog circuits with emphasis on reference circuits (Band-gap designs, bias circuits, etc.), temperature and voltage sensors, clocking circuits (oscillators and PLLs), Regulators (LDOs), and data converters Design of high-speed custom digital circuits and using digital techniques to augment analog designs (e.g., calibration, DSP, etc.) Use of mixed-signal verification flows for functionality (e.g., formal verification, RTO-spice co-sim, etc.), static timing analysis, and reliability (e.g., aging, EM, IR, etc.) Strong knowledge of closed-loop system analysis and design using both analog and digital circuits Strong knowledge of analog design techniques (e.g., feedback and compensation techniques, small signal analysis, noise analysis and reduction, etc.) Strong knowledge in device physics and best design and layout practices in advanced CMOS processes (i.e., Fin-FET) Description Managing and leading analog/mixed-signal circuit design teams. Demonstrated strong knowledge of analog design techniques and mixed-signal circuits. Good knowledge of low noise design techniques. Good knowledge of high precision techniques in presence of device mismatch. Experience in C / Matlab / VerilogA / Python / etc. modeling. Understand device physics and demonstrated ability to apply that to optimize noise, power, area, and performance of analog/mixed-signal blocks. Good working experience in using spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, signal generators, etc. to validate analog designs. Education MSEE with at least 10+ years in related area of expertise or PhD with 7+ years experience. 