 QA Automation Manager, Health Job Number: 83769922 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 15, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Health is a diverse, talented, and passionate team striving to help people live healthier lives while keeping their data safe, private, and secure. We create amazing applications that enrich peoples’ lives in a tangible way, and provide APIs and SDKs to 3rd party developers so that their devices and applications can seamlessly integrate into Apple’s ecosystem. We are looking for an experienced QA manager who has demonstrated ability in growing teams, developing processes and building and maintaining automation solutions. In this role, you’ll be a key contributor during all stages of software development, leading a talented QA Automation team to ensure can continuously deliver the best products as we continue innovating in a rapidly changing field. This is an opportunity to work in an extremely talented team, in a position where your work can make a difference in millions of lives. Learning and building of skill-sets is highly encouraged. This role has the opportunity to grow in many directions. Key Qualifications Note: We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role. 4+ years experience as a Software Quality Assurance manager Excellent cross-functional communication and influence skills Proven track record demonstrating the ability to build a team – attracting, hiring, retaining, motivating the best talent Comfortable with fast paced schedule driven development Strong software engineering and development life cycle knowledge Familiarity with continuous integration tools (gradle, jenkins) Familiarity with version control systems - preferably git Experience in programming or scripting, preferably in Python/Ruby Proficiency in Black, Grey, and White Box testing Belief in a culture of “never fix the same bug twice” Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways Familiarity with wellness or medical concepts is a plus Description • Plan and drive execution of black box, white box, automated testing for multiple simultaneous projects. • Work closely with development teams, to identify and understand key features and their underlying functionality. • Produce a concise and clear picture of product quality for the project from concept to product release. • Coordinating with cross-functional QA and engineering teams. • Define and hire a world class QA team • Advise and encourage QA and ENG practices to keep testing and verification a key part of the entire development pipeline Education BS Computer Science or equivalent experience. 