 Display Analog/Mixed-Signal Architect Job Number: 51869589 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 14, 2016 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary The Display Silicon Architecture Team develops the architecture for timing controllers, drivers, PMICs, and the mixed signal ICs for Apple’s world leading displays. The team not only develops the new architectures but also works with internal teams or directly with vendors on the execution portion of all these mixed signal devices. The position demands deep technical understanding of analog/mixed-signal design and all related processes, tools and methodologies and the ability to work cross functionally with many other Apple organizations. In this elite team of analog architects, you will be directly responsible for the architecture the next generation of Apple display integrated circuits. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 10+ years of Analog and Mixed-Signal design experience, leading IC design and architecture Circuit design experience including, but not limited to high-speed SERDES, signal conditioning, data converters, high voltage MOS devices and switching power supplies. Expert in theory and operation of PLL and DLL based CDR systems, including noise transfer functions and jitter tolerance performance. Expert in digital and analog signal analysis theory and techniques, including adaptive signal processing. Experienced in optimal PCB layout considerations for power, area and signal integrity. Experienced in system design and signal processing in mixed-signal SoCs. Cadence Virtuoso, MATLAB and AMS/Verilog-A modeling experience. Experience with lab equipment: e.g. oscilloscopes, spectrum/logic analyzers, power meters, etc. Demonstrated ability to meet aggressive and dynamic work objectives. Excellent communication, organizational and leadership skills to coordinate multiple Apple teams and vendors. Description As a key member of the display silicon architecture team, you will define new IC architectures for high-speed interfaces, display drivers, power delivery systems, and analog algorithms for the next generation of display technology. Core responsibilities include: generating engineering specifications and architecture simulations, lead cross-functional engineering collaboration, silicon vendor management and design reviews. Work with the Silicon Validation Team to insure that mixed signal ICs meet design requirements. Education MSEE is required 