 Test Engineer - Packaging Product Design Job Number: 113133550 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 31, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary At Apple, the customer experience extends beyond the product itself. Every aspect of product interaction plays a crucial role in creating the customer experience, and the very first one that is often encountered is Packaging. Apple packaging is the first time that many people contemplate and experience delight in the unboxing experience. There is a universal joy in unboxing Apple products, and that experience is designed and created by a world-class team that is continually pushing the boundaries of engineering and technology while delivering superior product protection through a global distribution environment. Apple is looking for a Test Engineer to join the Packaging Product Design team. This engineer will be responsible for developing characterization experiments and executing validation plans to enable new and innovative packaging designs. The position will span from technology development to detailed testing and data analysis to support mass production ramp. Close cooperation with internal team members and cross-functional groups throughout Apple will be required. The job will require interaction with offshore suppliers and may require periodic travel to international sites and within USA as needed. The position will require experimental planning, execution, and analysis of packaging solutions from multiple design teams within Apple. The ability to drive people/groups for quality, schedule, and results both internally and externally is critical to success in this role. The successful candidate should have prior experience in a fast paced engineering environment, strong knowledge of mechanical test development, and a strong drive to develop accurate engineering information with a high attention to detail. The candidate should be an excellent communicator who is able to quickly grasp issues and drive them to resolution. An ability to work in a quickly changing environment and to be a creative problem solver is a must. Key Qualifications 2+ years of technical background in Mechanical Engineering, Product Reliability or Packaging Engineering preferred Experience with mechanical testing and test specification development Problem solving ability utilizing creative and innovative thinking, including ability to make good technical decisions with minimal oversight Ability to plan/execute experiments, analyze data into actionable results, and present concise technical reports to all level of management is essential. Ability to work 'hands-on' both in lab and at manufacturing sites. Experience with dynamic data acquisition systems (accelerometers, strain gauges, etc). Proficient with data collection/reduction/analysis/presentation Knowledge of physical/optical inspection and metrology equipment and processes 3D CAD experience a plus Computer industry experience not required, serious consideration will be given to qualified candidates from medical, consumer electronics, automotive, aerospace, sporting goods and other fields with relevant technology and development models Description Apple is looking for a Test Engineer to join the Packaging Product Design team. This engineer will be responsible for developing characterization experiments and executing validation plans to enable new and innovative packaging designs. The position will span from technology development to detailed testing and data analysis to support mass production ramp. Close cooperation with internal team members and cross-functional groups throughout Apple will be required. The job will require interaction with offshore suppliers and may require periodic travel to international sites and within USA as needed. The position will require experimental planning, execution, and analysis of packaging solutions from multiple design teams within Apple. The ability to drive people/groups for quality, schedule, and results both internally and externally is critical to success in this role. The successful candidate should have prior experience in a fast paced engineering environment, strong knowledge of mechanical test development, and a strong drive to develop accurate engineering information with a high attention to detail. The candidate should be an excellent communicator who is able to quickly grasp issues and drive them to resolution. An ability to work in a quickly changing environment and to be a creative problem solver is a must. Education Candidate will have a BS degree in engineering and at least two years of relevant work experience. 