 Data Scientist, Apple Media Products Job Number: 113154626 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary We are seeking a data scientist to join the Apple Media Products team to build data science models by leveraging innovative machine learning and data mining technologies to improve customer experience on products such as App Store, Apple Music, Apple TV and iTunes Store. Our products reach hundreds of millions of customers around the world, and have revolutionized how people interact with their apps, music, movies, TV shows, books, and podcasts. Key Qualifications Strong working knowledge of machine learning and data mining algorithms including classification, regression, clustering and ranking. Strong programming skills in Python, R, Scala or similar languages Experience with Hadoop, Spark, Hive or other big data processing technologies desired. Proven track record of delivering high quality analytical insights and data science solutions. Knowledge and experience with search relevance, information retrieval, recommendation, personalization, NLP, text mining is a plus Strong sense of initiative and ability to drive projects to completion Excellent communication skills. Description Our data science team is responsible for building data science models to improve how customers interact with our products. The data scientist will work with large-scale data set to do feature engineering and selection, train and build machine learning models, evaluate and measure model performance, and work with stakeholders on model adoptions. You will work closely with data engineers, program managers and business partners to understand problems, define and build solutions, measure and communicate results. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing machine learning algorithms and also creativity to invent and customize when necessary. We are looking for a data scientist who has experience in applying data science solutions to solve real-world business problems, and can proactively drive projects to delivery, has excellent communication skills, and sweats the details. Your curiosity drives you to explore new technologies and apply creative solutions to problems. Education • Ph.D. or Master in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience. 