 Business Operations Manager Job Number: 113038847 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Oct. 4, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Apple’s Business Operations team is seeking a proven leader who will manage business operations for iPod/iPhone or MAC/iPad. This position has significant focus in sourcing and procurement. Deliverables include cost and program management, supplier development, and supply chain optimization. Key Qualifications •Demonstrated project &amp; program management skills •Strong interpersonal and communication skills •Strong negotiation skills •Creative and analytical thinking •Persistent, goal/deadline driven work style •Experience with Taiwan/China OEMs and third party suppliers This position requires an individual who is able to work in an unstructured environment with a high degree of independence and who has all of the above listed skills. The position will require some international travel. Requires extensive project management background, which is built on a foundation of manufacturing procurement and supply chain management. Description •Finding and pursuing cost reduction opportunities by challenging current supply chain structures, cost models, business processes, etc. •Negotiating with OEMs and third party vendors to obtain most favorable and cost effective support solutions •Lead cost reduction efforts and process improvements as a project manager by: analyzing/finding the true underlying problems, effectively scoping the project, determining the appropriate participants, negotiating an aggressive completion date, and driving the timely execution, •Managing multiple programs/projects simultaneously, •Establishing and maintaining key cross-functional internal and external relationships. •Managing product transitions to minimize excess and obsolete materials. Education BA / BS degree or MBA, plus 5+ years experience, or equivalent. Technical/Operations background is preferred. 