 Senior Rendering Software Engineer Job Number: 57477607 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Sep. 28, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Do your life’s best work here - with the whole world watching. Apple is looking for experienced rendering engineers to join our team who will help us push the limits of what is possible in the world of rendering. If you want to use your engineering talent and expertise to build something that millions of people will use every day, we may have the job for you. Key Qualifications 7+ years development experience Expert C++, data-driven design, and architecture skills Extensive real-time computer graphics knowledge and implementation experience Experience with Direct3D, OpenGL, Metal or Vulkan Expertise on profiling and optimization Understanding of memory management and multi core systems Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work accordingly. Strong collaboration and communication skills are required as you will work with many people and teams here at Apple. Description The ideal engineer for this role is comfortable working in a dynamic and collaborative team charged with exploring an uncharted and rapidly evolving domain. You will be researching and developing a new rendering paradigm - a challenge that will demand rapid experimentation and prototyping without sacrificing code quality or attention to detail. You'll need a keen understanding of the state of the art in interactive 3D applications and an ambition to discover what the future holds in this space. We are building a passionate and diverse team that understands how to meld existing rendering technologies while looking ahead to what the future holds. Education BS or MS in Computer Science or relevant experience will be considered Additional Requirements Any of the following would be a plus: Experience developing a game or engine; Experience developing for macOS, iOS, tvOS or watchOS; Interest or proficiency in UI/UX design, AR/VR and/or Computer Vision knowledge would be a plus. 