 Sensing Hardware Engineer Job Number: 112907608 Santa Clara Valley, California, United States Posted: Aug. 23, 2017 Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job Summary Design, develop, and launch next-generation Sensor Technologies in Apple products. The Sensing Hardware team develops Sensor solutions and technologies for Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, MacBooks, Watch, and more. Bring devices to life and enable them to interact with users and the environment in ways never imagined before. New challenges arise everyday that require sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. Join us in a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. We are looking for Sensing Hardware Electrical Engineers with analog and board level design skills, to help develop sensors and sensing systems for Apple’s future products. Key Qualifications Qualifications and Requirements: •Multi-disciplinary understanding of EE, ME, and Physics principles •Solid analog, mixed signal, and signal processing fundamentals •Experience with sensor interfacing, signal conditioning, and signal-to-noise analysis •Experience with statistical tolerance analysis in a production setting •Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork and leadership skills •Proficiency in MATLAB, SPICE, or similar simulation and modeling tools Description Key Responsibilities: •Schematic design of boards and flexible assemblies •Sensor and system bring-up, performance analysis and characterization •Failure mode analysis, root-cause diagnosis, and corrective action implementation •Automate measurement methods and data analysis procedures •Develop customized instrumentation and metrology to characterize sensor performance •Author regular technical communication for executive and cross-functional briefings •Support engineering activities including travel to manufacturing sites, performance validation, yield optimization, and failure analysis Education •B.S. or M.S. in Electrical Engineering, Physics, or related field, or industry experience equivalent. 