 Analyst, Architecture, BI Tools, Business Objects, BW, Cognos, Consulting, Data Architecture, Data Modeling, DataStage, DBA, Development, EDM, ERwin, ESSBase, Excel, Hadoop, HTML, HTTP, Informatica, Lifecycle, Management, Modeling, Project, Recruiter, Research, SAP, SAP BW, SAS, SDLC, Supervision Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Are you a subject matter expert who is passionate about working with data? Are you a hands-on technologist interested in how information can transform business and government? If so, Deloitte could be the place for you! Join our Federal Analytics and Information Management (AIM) team and tackle challenging issues in Advanced Analytics, Big Data Architecture, and Information Delivery. A career at Deloitte will put you on the frontline, supporting Federal agencies tasked with the most critical technical challenges. Work you’ll do As a Specialist Senior in our practice you will: Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others Participate in or lead the development of deliverable content Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues Review deliverables for accuracy and quality Coach junior staff Contribute to new business and proposal development Manage own personal and professional development, seeking opportunities for expansion of consulting skills and experiences The team Transparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping Federal government initiatives today. Deloitte’s Federal practice is passionate about making an impact with lasting change. Carrying out missions in the Federal practice requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. We collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of Deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients. Our aspiration is to be the premier integrated solutions provider in helping to transform the Federal marketplace. The Federal Government is seeing massive increases in the amount of information that it creates, collects, and manages to support data driven decision making, and in some cases exceeding the limits of traditional approaches and technology. Our Federal AIM team helps change the way clients leverage data through innovative and robust solutions within traditional landscapes as well as emerging areas including Big Data, Internet of Things/Everything, cognitive analytics, and machine learning. Qualifications Required: Bachelor's degree and at least 3 years of technology consulting or other relevant industry experience Experience working independently with minimal supervision and guidance Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience Proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as Internet research tools Experience working directly with business users to gather requirements Experience drafting functional and technical specifications and documentation Familiarity with the software development lifecycle (SDLC) Exposure to any of the following Analytics and Information Management competencies ‑Data Management and Architecture, Performance Management, Information Delivery and Advance Analytics Must be able to obtain and maintain required clearance for this role Must have experience in medical data analytics Must be able to commute to Silver Spring on a daily basis 2+ years of SAS experience in a professional environment Preferred: Degree in computer science, information systems, or other technology-related field Prior professional services or federal consulting experience Professional experience with any of the following technologies: BI tools: SAP Business Objects, Cognos, OBIEE, SAS, Hyperion DW/ETL Tools: Informatica, ODI, SAP Data Services, SAP BW/HANA, Datastage EPM: Hyperion Essbase, Cognos Planning EDM: Data Modeling, Erwin, DBA MDM ‑ Informatica Data Analytics: Big data, ZoomData, Hadoop, machine learning, text analytics, Tableau How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Arlington, VA Company Information 