 Agile, Algorithms, Analysis, Architecture, Consulting, Data Architecture, Database, Data Warehouse, Development, ERwin, Excel, HTML, HTTP, Manager, Management, Modeler, Modeling, OLAP, Project, Project Manager, Recruiter, Research, SQL Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel required to 25%. Job Description J ob Title: Solution Specialist ‑ Data Modeler Lo cation: Mechanicsburg, PA Overview Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology ‑ a solutions builder, a roll-up-your-sleeves technologist who wants a daily collaborative environment, think-tank feel and share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center ‑ we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center. Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below … Analytics + Information Management (A+IM) Service Line Deloitte Consulting's Analytics + Information Management (A+IM) Service Line designs, develops, and implements strategies, systems and processes to capture, integrate and distribute information in an enterprise to realize the value of information and data assets. Our Team From our centers, we work with Deloitte consultants to design, develop and build solutions to help clients reimagine, reshape and rewire the competitive fabric of entire industries. Our centers house a multitude of specialists, ranging from systems designers, architects and integrators, to creative digital experts, to cyber risk and human capital professionals. All work together on diverse projects from advanced preconfigured solutions and methodologies, to brand-building and campaign management. We are a unique blend of skills and experiences, yet we underline the value of each individual, providing customized career paths, fostering innovation and knowledge development with a focus on quality. The US Delivery Center supports a collaborative team culture where we work and live close to home with limited travel. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Solution Specialist ‑ Data Modeler Required Skills: · The successful candidate will work with the Deloitte team to implement, maintain, and enhance its enterprise-level data architecture using Data Warehouse (OLAP) design and dimensional modeling principles. · The successful candidate will work as part of a team comprised of a project manager, business analysts, and other members of the technical staff to use test-driven development techniques to develop and implement ETL processes to support sequencing and analysis efforts. Specific responsibilities will include work with Business Analysts and Data Modelers to understand requirements. Design and develop sustainable database ETL applications to support those requirements. Create technical design documents that capture source to target mapping, define transformation algorithms, and document data quality rules. React to and correct day-to-day operational errors. · Proficient in conceptual, logical and physical data model design using CA Erwin 7 and 8. Must be able to create and maintain enterprise data models with multiple subjected areas. · 5+ years of full time experience in multiple source data integration on an enterprise data warehouse. · 5+ years of full time experience Data profiling, Data Analytis using Trillium Data Discovery V14 tool and SQL in Toad 9. · The ability to read, write, and maintain SQL. · Experience in Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Requirements: · B.S. or higher in Computer Science or other technical field. · Strong analytical and leadership skills. Strong interpersonal skills along with excellent communication and presentation skills. · Ability to travel up to 25% percent · U.S. Citizenship/Green card preferred · Must be able / willing to live and work out of Mechanicsburg, PA Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Mechanicsburg, PA Company Information 