 Architecture, Consulting, CRM, Data Architecture, Data Modeling, Development, Excel, HTML, HTTP, Hub, Manager, Management, Modeling, Project, Project Manager, Recruiter, Research, SAP, Supply Chain, Testing Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel required to 100%. Job Description Are you looking for a career trajectory that few other organizations can offer in SAP? What about access to a high-quality portfolio of businesses and clients with opportunities to work across capabilities, industries, and geographies ‑ in roles and on projects aligned with your SAP Technology skills? If this matches your interests and aspirations Deloitte may be right for you. Work you’ll do We provide our candidates with the opportunity to enhance their capabilities, knowledge and expertise with the emerging technology trends such as S/4 HANA, Cloud, Mobility and IoT by delivering exceptional results for our clients which ultimately enhances their growth, operations, productivity and efficiency. Our Technology Capability focuses on both business and technology transformation needs of our clients. Additionally, we emphasize innovation and creativity in areas such as Cloud Infrastructure, Business of IT, Data Management and User Experience. A career that is forward looking while rewarding. The team The full potential of SAP solutions isn't just about technology, it's also about driving sustainable business value. At Deloitte Consulting LLP, our SAP specialists deliver the technology and services to help our clients meet business performance goals and improve processes. As an SAP Global Partner we provide a broad range of consulting services, from HR, CRM and supply chain to finance transformation. Learn more about our SAP practice Required qualifications Functional/technical proficiency with at least 4+ full life cycle SAP implementations and 8+ years of industry and/or consulting experience At least 8 years of SAP experience with SAP Data Architecture Leadership roles implementing SAP MDG for one or more domains Master level functional depth of customer, vendor, product/material and finance master data in S/4 S/4 data architecture and data modeling experience S/4 enterprise data hub architecture or implementation experience SAP Data Services architect and data conversion leadership and implementation experience SAP Information Steward architect and data quality leadership and implementation experience Data cleansing implementation experience Experience defining systems strategy, developing systems requirements, designing and prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures and implementing practical business solutions under multiple deadlines Adept at designing and implementing technology-enabled business solutions for clients as part of a high-talent team and as a team lead or Project Manager on at least 3+ full cycle implementations Able to collaborate with clients, identify engagement follow-on opportunities and have a strong desire to excel and be committed to gaining exposure to multiple industries while further developing your career Strong current hands-on configuration and design skills Ability to travel 80-100% is REQUIRED Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required Master’s degree preferred How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. #LI:PTY Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Pittsburgh, PA Company Information 