 Architecture, Business Intelligence, Consulting, Data Architecture, Database, Data Modeling, Development, Excel, Hadoop, HTML, HTTP, IBM, Informatica, Management, Modeling, MongoDB, NoSQL, PowerPoint, Recruiter, Research, Supply Chain, Testing, Video Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel required to 100%. Job Description As a Big Data Consultant, you will focus on managing the information supply chain from acquisition to ingestion, storage and the provisioning of data to points of impact by modernizing and enabling new capabilities. Information value is enhanced through enterprise-scale applications that enable visualization, consumption and monetization of both structured and unstructured data. Big data is becoming one of the most important technology trends that has the potential for dramatically changing the way organizations use information to enhance the customer experience and transform their business models. Work you'll do Consultants work within an engagement team. Key responsibilities will include: Function as integrators between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet clients’ business needs. Defining systems strategy, developing system requirements, designing, prototyping, and testing custom technology solutions, and supporting system implementation. The Team Analytics and Information Management At Deloitte Consulting LLP, our Analytics and Information Management team is responsible for transforming numbers and statistics into actionable information for our clients. We help them predict, plan, and adapt their business strategies to meet real-time challenges and confidently help navigate past whatever obstacles come their way. We take a holistic approach to data and offer a broad range of integration and analytics capabilities, including: Information Delivery, Data Management and Architecture, Digital Finance Technology and Advanced Analytics Enablement. Learn more about our Analytics and Information Management practice. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. Qualifications Required: 2+ years of relevant technology architecture consulting or industry experience to include experience in Information delivery, Analytics and Business Intelligence based on data from hybrid of Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), non-relational (NoSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra) and relational Data Warehouses At least 1 year hands-on on working experience with Big Data technologies; MapReduce, Pig, Hive, HBase, Sqoop, Spark, Flume, YARN, Kafka, Storm etc. 1 year of hands on experience with data lake implementations, core modernization and data ingestion. 1 year of hands on experience designing and implementing data ingestion techniques for real time and batch processes for video, voice, weblog, sensor, machine and social media data into Hadoop ecosystems and HDFS clusters. 1 year of hands on experience with data integration products like Informatica Power Center Big Data Edition (BDE), IBM BigInsights, Talend etc. Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent professional experience Willingness for weekly client-based travel, up to 80-100% (Monday — Thursday/Friday) Preferred: Understanding of the benefits of data warehousing, data architecture, data quality processes, data warehousing design and implementation, table structure, fact and dimension tables, logical and physical database design, data modeling, reporting process metadata, and ETL processes. Experience designing and implementing reporting and visualization for unstructured and structured data sets Experience in designing and implementing scalable, distributed systems leveraging cloud computing technologies like AWS EC2, AWS Elastic Map Reduce and Microsoft Azure Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching Knowledge of data, master data and metadata related standards, processes and technology Experience working with multi-Terabyte data sets Experience with Data Integration on traditional and Hadoop environments Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred. Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By St. Louis, MO Company Information 