 Analysis, Consulting, Data Analysis, Database, Data Modeling, Development, Excel, HTML, HTTP, Informatica, Management, Matlab, Modeler, Modeling, MongoDB, Oracle, PL/SQL, PowerPoint, Programming, Project, Python, Recruiter, Research, SAS, SQL, Supply Chain, Supply Chain Management Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Strategy &amp; Operations ‑ Supply Chain Management ‑ Solution Specialist Data Analytics ‑ USDC Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in supply chain/analytics ‑ someone who gets excited about the possibilities of turning data into insights on a daily basis in a highly collaborative environment? Do you like that think-tank feel and ability to share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center ‑ we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center. Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below … Work you’ll do/Responsibilities · Work with analytics teams to understand issues and resolve anomalies to ensure solution quality · Deliver high quality work and adapt to new challenges, as an individual or as part of a team · Field, manage and resolve both solution performance and data issues using defined ticketing systems and reporting processes · Demonstrate strong ability to analyze technical/data issues in visualization applications (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, etc.) to communicate and efficiently address business problems · Display strong knowledge of data wrangling ‑ big and small data ‑ and applying both common and advanced analytic techniques · Work and consult with client technology/functional teams to design and create inventive solutions to optimize business process/performance The Team From our centers, we work with Deloitte consultants to design, develop and build solutions to help clients reimagine, reshape and rewire the competitive fabric of supply chain processes across industries. Our centers house a multitude of specialists, ranging from systems designers, architects, integrators, analytics experts, to creative digital experts as well as cyber risk and human capital professionals. All work together on diverse projects from advanced preconfigured solutions and methodologies, to brand-building and campaign management. We are a unique blend of skills and experiences, yet we underline the value of each individual, providing customized career paths, fostering innovation and knowledge development with a focus on quality. The US Delivery Center supports a collaborative team culture where we work and live close to home with limited travel. Qualifications Required · Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, or equivalent experience · 4-7 years’ of supply chain/data analytics experience in supporting or building data visualizations like charts/tables · Experience in data modeling, analysis, design, development and implementation of data solutions · 4-7 years’ of experience using SQL to wrangle, transform, and manage data in various database environments MS SQL, Oracle PL/SQL, MongoDB , etc. · Ability to translate and execute function requirements on a technical level · Ability to troubleshoot and problem solve complex business issues · Identify and resolve issues to optimize existing reports and visualizations · Experience with presentation and data analysis software, including Tableau, MS PowerPoint, Excel and Access · Experience programming in Python and or similar scripting languages · Solid exposure with ETL environments such as: SSIS, Informatica, Alteryx · Support data analytics with various software packages, including R, SAS, SPSS Statistics, SPSS Modeler, Minitab, Matlab, etc. · Must be willing to live and work in the Orlando, FL area Preferred · Ability to mentor and lead project teams to deliver task assignments on or before deadlines · Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment · Business process design and modeling Minimum of 2 years big consulting firm and/or industry experience How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Orlando, FL Company Information 