 Analysis, Architecture, Consulting, Data Architecture, Data Warehouse, Encryption, Foundation, Java, Lifecycle, Management, MongoDB, MySQL, mysql, NoSQL, Oracle, Programming, Python, Security, SQL, SQL Server, Statistical Analysis, Teradata, Testing Full Time, Full-Time/Regular Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Smartronix, Inc., is an information technology/ engineering solutions provider, a Premier Amazon Web Services Consulting Partner and Microsoft Gold partner specializing in Cloud Computing, Cyber Security, Health IT, Network Operations, and Mission-Focused Engineering. The Principal Data Solutions Architect (PDSA) leads the engagement with our clients who are looking to modernize and optimize their data technology through hybrid, public, and multi-Cloud solutions. In this capacity, the PDSA will partner with clients to understand their current data architecture, priorities and desired capabilities. The PDSA will define strategies and solutions to address client needs and provide the benefits of a cloud-based architecture. The PDSA will work with a myriad of clients at various levels of maturity and will define an appropriate roadmap for each based on their organizational priorities. The PDSA will also ensure that core tenets of an effective data strategy are addressed: + Data Management - The foundation of any meaningful data strategy starts with making the data discoverable and providing context on the data. This includes addressing core data management concepts - metadata, data quality, lineage, and data protection. The PDSA will establish an appropriate data management framework to address these core concerns to enable clients to get the most value from their data and protect and handle their data appropriately. + Data Movement and Integration - The PDSA and team will partner with the client and solution architects to lay out a comprehensive approach to integrating and transforming data to ensure that downstream consumers have the information they need to make informed and timely decisions. This includes frameworks for data movement, integration, and transformation that are optimized for real-time streaming capabilities, but can also support batch data flows. + Centralized Data Storage and cloud-based Data Lakes - A key advantage of moving to the Cloud is the ability to separate storage and compute. The PDSA will help clients better understand the role of a Ccoud-based data lake in their data ecosystem. The PDSA will lay out benefits of the Data Lake such as: o The ability to store massive amounts of data o Increasing the speed of insights and decisions o Leveraging more data to make better informed decisions. Required Skills Additionally, the PDSA will guide clients on utilizing the Cloud to accelerate the build out of a modern data-analytic stack that is architected for change. Recognizing that not all clients are in a position to fully adopt the public Cloud, the PDSA will also provide guidance on "Hybrid Data Lake" strategies that enable benefits of Public Cloud and align with the client's overall cloud strategy. + Data Persistence -Persisted, refined data provides meaningful context to consumers. There are numerous considerations as to what data should be persisted, how it should be persisted and what technologies are most appropriate. The PDSA will work with clients to determine the appropriate fit-for-purpose technologies to best meet the client needs. + Data Security and Lifecycle Management - The PDSA will define appropriate controls for handling data throughout its full lifecycle, including handling and cleansing of data in non-production environments. This includes data protection capabilities, (encryption, tokenization, data segregation, etc.) and handling data throughout its lifecycle: + Frequently accessed "hot" data + Infrequently accessed data that is needed quickly but leveraged by few consumers + Infrequently accessed data that is retained for legal/regulatory purposes + Data that should be purged/deleted The PDSA will work directly with the Smartronix cloud executive management team to define foundational data strategy offerings for our customers and help incorporate those strategies into our FAST offering. These activities will include presales and marketing related activities around these solutions. As the Practice Area matures and the market evolves, the PDSA will build a team of key strategists and enterprise architects to contribute to this discipline. The PDSA will be responsible for recruiting and developing subject matter experts across these domains that have strong client-facing and technology skills. The team will be conversant in the core Cloud Service Providers, (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), but also have practical experience dealing with data center migrations to the Cloud, including strategies for migrating legacy technologies, (e.g. mainframe, MPP data warehouses, traditional ETL technologies, etc.). Additionally, the PDSA and team will establish strong partnerships with the Smartronix Solutions Architects, delivery teams and support teams to ensure that the strategic direction is well-understood and can be executed by our core delivery resources, as needed. Additionally, the PDSA and team will collaborate with these resources to identify emerging data architecture and technology trends, identify new tools and frameworks and drive consistency across the Smartronix data team. The PDSA will help establish Best Practices approaches to enterprise data management solutions and will oversee and guide Data Architecture solutions being delivered by Smartronix Solution Architects. The PDSA will help recruit, interview, and mentor Data Architects, Data Scientists, and engineers that will be part of the Solution Architects delivery group.Required Experience Required Skills: + 7+ years working directly on customer engagements + 5+ years leveraging AWS or Azure platform services + 5+ years of hands-on experience with a statistical programming language (e.g.: R, Python, Java, C++, etc.) + 5+ years of experience working within a data warehouse environment (e.g.: Redshift, Teradata or similar data warehousing platforms) + 5+ years of experience with at least one major RDBMS platform (e.g.: MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle) + Ability to understand customer requirements and work within any provided constraints + Demonstrated ability to write or contribute to technical documentation + Hands-on experience with a query language (e.g.: SQL, Hive, Pig) + Possess a solid understanding of statistical analysis and testing methodologies + Possess a basic understanding of Machine Learning concepts, constructs and terminology + Demonstrated ability to examine and explore how data from multiple disparate sources creates relationships, patterns, associations and other factors that drive data sets and visualizations + Hands-on experience automating system processes to improve resource and manpower intensive procedures + Experience with NoSQL databases desired but not a requirement (e.g.: DynamoDB, MongoDB, Cassandra, CouchDB, HBase) Other Requirements: + Must be able to obtain Public Trust clearance + Bachelors Degree required or additional 7 years of relevant Information Technology experience accepted in lieu of degree Job Location Herndon, Virginia, United States Position Type Full-Time/Regular US Citizenship Required Yes Degree Required N/A Clearance Level Required 02. Public Trust Apply Now Save this job 