 Agile, Analysis, Apache, Business Requirements, Consulting, Development, Excel, Hadoop, HTML, HTTP, Iterative, Management, MongoDB, NoSQL, Recruiter, Research, SQL Full Time, Permanent Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description HADOOP ‑ Senior Data Engineer Skills needed Strongdata analysis and SQL skills in Relational/Columnar/Big data environments(Joins, Union, rank, group by, order etc.) Demonstrateexcellent written and verbal communication skills Experiencewith Agile implementation methodology and working in a globally distributedteam structure Ableto work independently in a fast-paced environment Hadoop Skills Experiencein Hadoop distributions (Apache / Cloudera / Hortonworks) Abilityto deploy and maintain multi-node Hadoop cluster Experienceworking with Big Data eco-system including tools such as Hadoop, Map Reduce,Yarn, Hive, Pig, Impala, Spark , Kafka, Hive, Impala and Storm to name a few Knowledgeablein techniques for designing Hadoop-based file layout optimized to meet businessneeds Understandsthe tradeoffs between different approaches to Hadoop file design Experiencewith techniques of performance optimization for both data loading and dataretrieval Experiencewith NoSQL Databases ‑ HBase, Apache Cassandra, Vertica, or MongoDB Ableto translate business requirements into logical and physical file structuredesign Abilityto build and test rapidly Map Reduce code in a rapid, iterative manner Abilityto articulate reasons behind the design choices being made Required: 6+ years of work experience 3+ years working with Hadoop Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience Theteam Application Management Services In today’s business world, the cost and complexity of informationtechnology is higher than ever. Many organizations find themselves with acomplex digital environment that is difficult to manage and costly to maintain.At Deloitte Consulting LLP, we work with clients tomake sense of these challenges, driving application performance and achievingbetter business results. Providing a full range of industry leading services,including digital, systems integration and resource planning, we enable clientsto fine tune Application Management Services to their IT and businessobjectives. Learn moreabout our Application Management Services practice. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Link Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. Deloitte is one of the leading professional services organizations in the United States, specializing in audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services with clients in more than 20 industries. We provide powerful business solutions to some of the world's most well-known and respected companies, including more than 75 percent of the Fortune 100. At Deloitte, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you'll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and your clients' will be heard. About Deloitte As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Disclaimer: If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers' site (careers.deloitte.com) or one of our approved job boards we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at careers.deloitte.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By San Jose, CA Company Information 