 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Analysis, Analyst, Consulting, Customer Service, Development, Foundation, Manager, Management, Outlook, Project, Research, Scheduling Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Acquisition Services Manager USA-IL-Greater Chicago-Chicago | Information Technology Dynamics of the Role This is the first-level manager accountable for supervising a team of analysts who work with the TransUnion customer base and will be specifically responsible for the expansion and acquisition of our core credit and client data assets. This manager will work closely with clients and internal groups to the team, customer requests, and issues through initial customer outreach, consultation, analysis, and execution. This job coordinates day-to-day activities for the team within the department related to customer service or service execution. In addition, this job evaluates workload and work assignment and how the work is performed. Also, this role will provide counsel to associates in their effort to accomplish the assignment and communicate desired end results and steps necessary to achieve project, team, and organizational goals. How You'll Contribute: Understands processes and how they fit into “whole picture”. Is considered the SME in a variety of technical areas. Is the ‘go to’ person for certain areas of expertise. Understands a variety of software applications and how they interface. Identifies and improves intra-departmental processes that have multiple steps. Develops departmental processes to improve the delivery of products to customers. Recommends enhancements to current systems or identifies new processes for teams. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of technical skills. Demonstrates a business acumen that goes beyond their role. Aggressively pursues external business trends to have a clear understanding of how external factors affect business. Interprets data and applies to DAS department. Understands overall company goals and how associate and DAS role impacts the success of them. Identifies and implements improvements to established cross-departmental communications. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of cross-departmental communication skills. Identify, develop and maintain a positive active network of diverse colleagues throughout the organization in order to accomplish work and sell new ideas. Persuades and influences others with accurate information. Confronts situations in a constructive manner. Understands and appreciates differences in coworkers and customers and is able to respond to their individual needs relative to the job associate performs. Establishes on-going sustainable relationships in order to improve products and services provided by TransUnion. Provides SME advice and direction. Interprets a variety of procedures within department. Develops cross-functional communications. Communicates clearly with meaning. Listens attentively and participates actively with peers and customers in order to develop meaningful products. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of interpersonal skills. Handles escalated customer questions and issues. Displays control and flexibility in ambiguous or stressful situations within department. Maintains a positive outlook with focused demeanor. Encourages others to reach goals and aids them in overcoming obstacles. Helps others meet deadlines. Anticipates the need for help or change and reacts appropriately in support of business goals. Prioritizes heavier workloads for analyst(s). Delegate’s projects or tasks to other team members to insure customer expectations are met. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of adaptability and flexibility skills. Acts as a critical resource for others. Employs creative solutions to complex problems. Determines which resource to utilize throughout TransUnion for customer issues. Determines strengths of team members to accomplish DAS objectives. Assigns analysts as appropriate. Oversees process improvements and approves sharing with the team. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of resourcefulness skills. Applies understanding of customer’s business and TransUnion’s capabilities in recommending alternative solutions to customers. Applies knowledge of systems, data processing, and customer requirements to uncover problems and recommend solutions always complex in nature. Provides direction to analysts with complex research or investigations. Responsible for communicating outcome of complex research to Manager or more Senior Management. Responsible for escalating customer or other issues to Senior Management. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of analytical/consulting skills. Considers input from the team, oversees the contribution of team efforts, and directs the activities of others on the team. Responsible for team’s workflow (i.e. balance high priority projects among team), schedules, and attendance. Leads team meetings to insure communication of key deadlines, projects, or key events. Helps resolve conflict and promotes positive collaboration. Provides guidance and direction on various aspects of teamwork skills. Brings visions and long-term goals to fruition. Comprehends and manages a variety of different issues and creates effective, creative solutions. Identifies and assists in the development of comprehensive procedures that have cross-functional impact. Has expertise in specialized areas and knowledge to perform job responsibilities. Accomplishes multiple work efforts independently or through leading or guiding others. Provides input and participates in the performance management process. This process includes performance reviews, promotion assessment, and performance issues. Responsible for assessing skills for associate development and recommending training opportunities. Performs other related duties as assigned. The incumbent must have a Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent years of related business experience in a data processing, quality control, or customer service environment and should have demonstrated ability to coordinate and supervise a group of employees with changing priorities and deadlines. Incumbents typically have at least 5 years of professionally developed skills with demonstrated experience in leading a group of professional positions. Must be able to work independently yet function as part of a team. Needs to possess a strong working knowledge of the business unit’s computer system and the applications used to produce work. Must be able to explain the goals of the business unit, along with methods of obtaining them. Must have a strong business sense and the ability to collaborate with other departments. Must possess very strong verbal and written skills and the ability to communicate with all levels of the organization. Needs strong planning and scheduling skills. What You'll Bring : The incumbent must have a Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent years of related business experience in a data processing, quality control, or customer service environment and should have demonstrated ability to coordinate and supervise a group of employees with changing priorities and deadlines. Incumbents typically have at least 5 years of professionally developed skills with demonstrated experience in leading a group of professional positions. Must be able to work independently yet function as part of a team. Needs to possess a strong working knowledge of the business unit’s computer system and the applications used to produce work. Must be able to explain the goals of the business unit, along with methods of obtaining them. Must have a strong business sense and the ability to collaborate with other departments. Must possess very strong verbal and written skills and the ability to communicate with all levels of the organization. Needs strong planning and scheduling skills What We Offer We aim high — and are reaching for new heights every day. This is a terrific time to join our team as we build on our commitment to integrity, service, reliability and innovation. These values stand behind the decisions we make every day, as well as our relationships at work and with the customers we serve. We believe in the power to achieve and are taking it in bold new directions. Who We Are A global leader in credit information and information management services, TransUnion gives businesses, consumers and the global community the power to achieve their goals. Businesses count on us to better manage risk and customer relationships. Consumers are able to better manage credit to achieve their financial goals. And in communities around the world we help build strong economies and give people the power to achieve their dreams. Exceptional opportunities are coming as we build on this strong foundation. Our ambitious growth strategy includes substantial new investment worldwide, a wide range of new solutions to help our customers succeed like never before, and new ideas for expanding our reach in every part of our dynamic and fast-moving industry. We’re on an exciting journey and you can be a part of it. Apply Now Save this job 