 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Analysis, Analyst, CMS, Consulting, Customer Service, Database, DB2, Diagnostic, Linux, Manager, Management, Metrics, Oracle, Programming, QA, Research, Sales, SalesForce, Security, SQL, Supervision, TCP/IP, Technician, Windows, Windows XP, Windows 7, XML Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Technical Data Support Analyst USA-GA-Greater Atlanta-Atlanta | Information Technology ** This position can be located in either the TransUnion Atlanta office or the TransUnion Chicago office. At TransUnion, we know that finding the right people is the reason we’re a global leader in credit information and information management services. We strive to provide an environment that allows our talented people to find success and satisfaction. Now, we’re adding to the team and seeking a senior member of the team. Data &amp; Application Consulting (Client Investigations): Responsible for the health of TransUnion’s core data assets, provides analysis and insights on data content for several areas across TransUnion. Provides technical support and troubleshooting assistance on product applications and data content for TransUnion’s entire customer base. Additionally responsible for defining requirements and business cases for the technology departments and end-users. How You’ll Contribute: • Under limited supervision, responsible for second level support of credit and fraud related applications. Respond to electronic or phone requests for technical assistance from customers and escalated issues from the Tier I Support Team with TransUnion. • Respond to inbound phone and electronic requests for complex technical applications assistance for configuration/setup, operations, setups, error messages, on-line transactions, systems status and downtime procedures for any of TransUnion products and systems. For satisfactory troubleshooting and problem resolution, the job requires a strong knowledge of all products and applications that are supported and associated known software issues. • Manage all customer situations in a professional and courteous business manner with an emphasis on customer satisfaction and set metrics goals. Assess, prioritize, perform initial diagnostic troubleshooting and resolve issues within scope of knowledge. Communicate problem issues with other support members, IT groups and external vendors to troubleshoot system problems and resolve application issues. Utilize internal guidelines for effective call processing and escalation of reported problems to next level support representatives as needed. • Leading customer onboarding support initiatives • Monitor and follow up with customers on open issues to insure accurate and timely resolutions are provided, expectations are set, and Service Level Agreements are met • Document all communications with customers and intradepartmental constituents related to outstanding technical issues in order to escalate to next level. • Self-directed ongoing training, plus structured product or vendor related training. Keep up to date on current product versions and/or new products during specified schedules and/or off-peak hours • Identify and maintain knowledgebase articles and reference guides based on inbound issues. • Provides after-hours on-call coverage when required. • Responsible for New Hire and new product training for Support department. • Focal point for internal customers (Dev, QA, PM, or Client Manager) needing advanced troubleshooting support and assistance for product releases/updates/patches in QA and UAT environments. • Utilizes leadership skills to create and deploy new processes • Identify and implement process improvements. • Performs other related duties as assigned. What You’ll Bring: 1. Minimum 3 – 6 years’ experience in a technical applications support capacity, troubleshooting and resolving complex technical applications issues with a demonstrated focus on excellent customer service skills. Must be client focused, proactive and thorough in resolving issues. 2. Must have experience working in an enterprise-level infrastructure environment. 3. Credit industry knowledge/ support experience is highly preferred. 4. Must have experience in multi-tasking and prioritizing job responsibilities. Must be flexible in resetting priorities and understanding business reasons for changing them. 5. Must possess ability and aptitude to make clear and quick business decisions as it pertains to technical aspect of core responsibilities in support. 6. Must have strong organizational skills 7. Must be reliable, self-motivated and able to work independently. 8. Must be energetic and work with a positive attitude. 9. Ability to put technical issue in user terms to give customers direction and processing details. Customer type ranges from simple user/sales to technician. 10. Research/investigation experience-need to be able to analyze problems and perform investigations to find cause and resolution (and opportunities to improve processes). 11. Internet Explorer configuration experience a plus, especially with security certificates. 12. Experience in credit reporting field (reading &amp; evaluating credit data). 13. Ability to perform duties in critical situations (escalations for high-profile customers 14. Requires intermediate to advanced knowledge of some or all the following: Technical Experience: 1. Operating systems: Linux, Windows XP, Windows 7 2. Querying/Scripting/Programming: SQL, XPATH, XML formatting and standards 3. Database applications: Oracle, Microsoft SQL, DB2 4. Understanding of Network technologies: TCP/IP, OSI Model, Load balancers 5. Experience analyzing, evaluating and troubleshooting data and data formats. 6. Additional Applications: Splunk, CMS (Salesforce), ServiceNow 7. Experience in credit reporting field (reading &amp; evaluating credit data) is a plus What We Offer We aim high — and are reaching for new heights every day. This is a terrific time to join our team as we build on our commitment to integrity, service, reliability and innovation. These values stand behind the decisions we make every day, as well as our relationships at work and with the customers we serve. We believe in the power to achieve and are taking it in bold new directions. Who We Are Information is a powerful thing. At TransUnion, we are dedicated to finding innovative ways information can be used to help people make better and smarter decisions. As a trusted provider of global information solutions, our mission is to help people around the world access the opportunities that lead to a higher quality of life, by helping organizations optimize their risk-based decisions and enabling consumers to understand and manage their personal information. Because when people have access to more complete and multidimensional information, they can make more informed decisions and achieve great things. Every day TransUnion offers our employees the tools and resources they need to find new ways information can be used for good. Whether it is helping businesses better manage risk, providing better insights so a consumer can qualify for his first mortgage or working with law enforcement to make neighborhoods safer, we are improving the quality of life for individuals, families, communities and local economies around the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply Now Save this job 