  Analyst, Consulting, Encryption, Foundation, Management, Microsoft Access, Sales, SQL Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Sr Analyst, Data Operations USA-FL-Greater Ft Laud-Boca Raton | Information Technology Dynamics of the Role TransUnion is looking for a mid-level Sr. Analyst to join our fast growing Batch Consulting Team. We are a dynamic, talented, and passionate team looking for highly talented individuals. If you are interested in joining a fast paced and highly engaged team, apply below! How You’ll Contribute: You will be responsible for consulting with internal and external customers on data usage, file layouts and file transfers. You will work with the largest customers to help drive preference for the TransUnion products You will be assigned special high visible projects You will be seen as a team leader, someone the other team members go to for assistance You will have the ability to drive customer satisfaction by partnering with customers to understand any issue and creating a solution. You will execute basic programing to build solutions. You will have the ability to impact the bottom line by assisting in identifying revenue generating ideas for our internal and external customers. You will have the opportunity to analyze existing data and products to assist the organization in creating new products or enhancing current products. What You’ll Bring: Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems, Information Systems or related field 5 to 10 years’ experience in a technical or sales support position Excellent communication skills Desire to consult and train internal/external customers on how to use the product Programing skills including Microsoft Access or Microsoft SQL Expert of data file formats (fixed width, delimited, etc.) Expert of file transfer (FTP) and encryption methodologies Ability to create and deliver insights to clients; Proficiency in Power Point Ability to work in a fast pace environment What We Offer We aim high — and are reaching for new heights every day. This is a terrific time to join our team as we build on our commitment to integrity, service, reliability and innovation. These values stand behind the decisions we make every day, as well as our relationships at work and with the customers we serve. We believe in the power to achieve and are taking it in bold new directions. Who We Are A global leader in credit information and information management services, TransUnion gives businesses, consumers and the global community the power to achieve their goals. Businesses count on us to better manage risk and customer relationships. Consumers are able to better manage credit to achieve their financial goals. And in communities around the world we help build strong economies and give people the power to achieve their dreams. Exceptional opportunities are coming as we build on this strong foundation. Our ambitious growth strategy includes substantial new investment worldwide, a wide range of new solutions to help our customers succeed like never before, and new ideas for expanding our reach in every part of our dynamic and fast-moving industry. We’re on an exciting journey and you can be a part of it. Apply Now Save this job 