  Analysis, Analyst, Data Analysis, Database, Development, HTTP, Manager, Management, Mathematical, Metrics, Oracle, Risk Management, Security Full Time, Full-time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Description: THE COMPANY Are you interested in helping solve today's most critical housing challenges? In simplest terms, Fannie Mae serves the people who house America. We work at the heart of housing by providing reliable, affordable mortgage financing in all markets at all times, buying loans that banks and other lenders originate, so they can fund new loans. This gives more people the opportunity to buy, refinance, or rent homes and apartments. Creating these opportunities is what drives the people who work at Fannie Mae. For more information about Fannie Mae, visit http\://www.fanniemae.com/progress JOB INFORMATION This position establishes, maintains, and communicates standards for recording, searching, and reporting data kept in the enterprise's databases and warehouses. This position documents data flows, data mappings, performs data lineage analysis as required by various enterprise projects. This position confers as needed with other technical staff to plan database conversion projects, or to establish large scale mining, reporting, or data display exercises. Leads or provides technical assistance to data projects or operations to maintain enterprise-wide standards and attain more efficient use of data resources. Researches, assesses, and reports use of data standards and ways in which they can be modified as needs change and corporate platforms develop. KEY JOB FUNCTIONS Collaborate with business partners, technical partners, and representatives from other organizations to understand and evaluate their requirements regarding data, and ensure they are meet the needs and conform to the enterprise standards. Perform any necessary data mapping and data lineage activities, documents information flows. Manage initiatives focused on implementing enterprise data management capabilities. Align enterprise data management activities with industry best practices. Develop metrics associated with core job functions, exhibiting how better data management practices improve business value. Align data management efforts/initiatives directly to providing business value. Work with manager to monitor use and form of reporting data in multiple platforms and reports throughout the organization. Contribute to developing and communicating corporate and regulatory standards for using, providing access to, and reporting data, and to the compliance framework for tracking the implementation of these standards. Request and track reporting from departmental units on use of and security standards for data used in variety of databases and warehouses. Assist manager in establishing data security guidelines for data subject to specific regulatory requirements. Communicate with organizational units concerned with risk management, legal compliance and privacy to ensure unit's standards and practices are consistent. Qualification: EDUCATION Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required MINIMUM EXPERIENCE 4+ years of related experience SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Experience with Oracle, stored procedures &amp; advanced querying. Ability to document highly complex data processing Ability extract data requirements through various methods including individual and group discussions, independent data analysis and by extracting from a suite of mathematical functions and code. Confer with business units and technical staff to understand data usage, lineage and attributes. Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Math, Finance, Economics or related field Contribute to initiatives development cycle, providing guidance for the structure, storage and forms in which data are stored, retrieved, and represented. Non-technical skills\: Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Promote productive relationships between stakeholders and technology partners, providing clarity &amp; ensuring processes are streamlined. Preferred skills, but not required\: Big Data ( Netezza) Secondary mortgage, finance or economics knowledge or experience. EMPLOYMENT As a condition of employment with Fannie Mae, any successful job applicant will be required to pass a pre-employment drug screen and to successfully complete a background investigation. Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Department: Information Management Apply Now Save this job 