 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Cabling, Hardware, Labeling, MS Office, Outlook, PC, Project, Specification Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Center Techinician USA-IL-Greater Chicago-Chicago | Information Technology Cabling: Daily installation and oversight of all network and storage patching for new systems including maintenance of appropriate documentation for all pathways and labeling of all connections. Installation: Daily installation of all IT servers, network hardware and related components to manufacturer specification. Space assignment: Provision exact space assignments and maintain documentation for each IT device and all related components ensuring proper operation and appropriate expansion space. Power assignment: Provision exact power assignments and maintain documentation for all rack mounted and floor mounted devices maintaining appropriate power distribution and utilization. Cabinet Layout: Assign space, power, tile cuts and cable raceways for all new rows of server cabinets, floor mounted devices, storage frames, tape drives etc. Cable plant design: Work with hardware owners to understand project requirements and select, document and order appropriate solutions to meet connectivity and density needs. Daily operation and oversight: Manage relationships with facility support and IT manufacturer service providers to ensure appropriate daily operation and accurate installations. Onsite Support: Respond to incidents and work with other teams in the verification and recovery process of IT systems. Must have Strong communication skills Must have a disciplined approach to managing task assignments, good people skills, good judgement and flexibility are critical to this position Proficiency with basic operations of a PC is necessary, proficiency in MS Office and Outlook preferred Team Player with the ability to work autonomously and responsibly in a mission- critical Data Center environment. Able to work days/nights/weekends/holidays if needed or required Able to understand installation specifications Rack and Stack customer equipment Candidate must be able to easily lift up to 50 lbs. throughout the day Who We Are At TransUnion, we are dedicated to finding ways information can be used to help people make better and smarter decisions. As a trusted provider of global information solutions, our mission is to help people around the world access the opportunities that lead to a higher quality of life, by helping organizations optimize their risk-based decisions and enabling consumers to understand and manage their personal information. Because when people have access to more complete and multidimensional information, they can make more informed decisions and achieve great things. Every day TransUnion offers our employees the tools and resources they need to find ways information can be used in diverse ways. Whether it is helping businesses better manage risk, providing better insights so a consumer can qualify for his first mortgage or working with law enforcement to make neighborhoods safer, we are improving the quality of life for individuals, families, communities and local economies around the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply Now Save this job 