  The Virginia Department of State Police is seeking qualified applicants for an LEAMS/Data Warehouse/OEBS Supervisor in the Information and Communication Technologies Division. Full Time $57,342 - $112,609 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description GENERAL PUBLICWORKING TITLE: DATA WAREHOUSE AND OEBS SUPERVISOR ROLE TITLE: INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST IIIPOSITION #03201SALARY RANGE $57,342 - $112,609PAY BAND 6The Virginia Department of State Police is seeking qualified applicants for an LEAMS/Data Warehouse/OEBS Supervisor in the Information and Communication Technologies Division located in North Chesterfield, Virginia. In accordance with the Code of Virginia, incumbents of this position must complete a Statement of Economic Interests form upon hire and bi-annually thereafter. This is an Exempt position; therefore, this position is excluded from the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act due to the nature of duties and job responsibilities.DUTIES: Maximizes performance and morale through effective leadership. Supervises assigned staff by establishing priorities, evaluating performance, assessing developmental needs, and correcting substandard performance and discipline issues as they occur. Communicates clearly and concisely with staff, and encourages staff to maintain open communications. Effectively identifies and resolves personnel conflicts. Communicates safety issues with employees to ensure a safe workplace. Continuity of operations is maintained through cross training and development of current desk procedures. Establishes and maintains a modern, robust, flexible, secure, reliable, and efficient technology environment. Manages and leads development team that is responsible for developing quality deliverables that satisfy user requirements and VSP IT/VITA standards. Develops complete project plans; tracks project progress; monitors milestones, schedules, and costs against estimates; identifies and manages risk; and coordinates requirements with stakeholders, other systems and Applications teams. Proactively supervises LEAMS, Data Warehouse, and Oracle OEBS sections. Ensures proper coordination with other IT sections and business units. Periodically reviews the IT Strategic Plan for accuracy and provides updates to management. Ensures development is accomplished within specified time frames and within budget. Proactively manages budgets that support section*s personnel and projects. Assists with development of grant applications, procurement documents, and vendor contracts for consulting staff, software, hardware, and maintenance. Verifies that systems are implemented/modified in accordance with established standards; that testing is adequate to ensure that all conditions are tested and systems are working as designed. Ensures that procedures for change control are followed; and that all documentation is filed properly and that a fallback position is maintained. Enhances the overall management of IT and customer service delivery and ensures that staff*s critical duties are documented. Ensures training, cross-training/knowledge transfer occurs for self, team members, across teams, and clients. Keeps up to date on database products and technologies. Assists and provides direction to co-workers in using new techniques and in solving their more complex technical problems. Performs other responsibilities and duties as assigned. Safety issues are reviewed and communicated to assure a safe and healthy workplace. As required, workplace injuries are reviewed and the Workplace Safety Report is completed indicating corrective action when necessary. Safety is discussed at area and other departmental meetings, unsafe conditions, are corrected, and unsafe acts are not tolerated. Participates in effective continuity of operations planning by serving as a member of the Continuation Team.QUALIFICATIONS: *	Considerable knowledge of the principles and techniques of software design and development; Oracle Databases, and Oracle eBusiness Suite; database and configurations management/systems and their applications; information systems development life cycle methodologies; system testing, data dictionary concepts and uses, and security; and supervisory principles and practices.*	Demonstrated skill in the use of personal computers and Microsoft Office applications.*	Demonstrated ability to supervise staff; assess and arrange for training; resolve problems; work effectively independently and in a team environment; communicate effectively orally and in writing; and develop effective working relationships with various levels of agency personnel. *	High School Diploma or GED and an equivalent combination of training and experience related to the duties of the position required.*	Graduation from an accredited college or university with major study in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field preferred.*	Law Enforcement database configuration and management experience is preferred. *	An equivalent combination of training and experience indicating possession of the preceding knowledge, skills, and abilities may substitute for this education and experience. POLYGRAPH EXAMINATION, BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION,FINGERPRINT-BASED CRIMINAL HISTORY CHECK AND PRE-EMPLOYMENT DRUG SCREENING REQUIREDSUBJECT TO RANDOM DRUG SCREENINGElements of the selection process for this position will also include the screening of applications; interviewing of qualified candidates; and salary negotiations. The pre-employment process can take approximately up to three (3) months to complete. The anticipated duration of this process is determined by the successful completion of the above items.Applicants who possess an Interagency Placement Screening Form (Yellow Form) or a Preferential Hiring Form (Blue Form) as issued under Policy 1.30 Layoff (Commonwealth of Virginia Employees Only), must attach these forms with their state application. Applications will only be accepted on-line through the Recruitment Management System at https://virginiajobs.peopleadmin.com. This position is open until filled. Resumes and cover letters may be attached but will not substitute for the on-line application. Incomplete applications will not be accepted. For questions,Click here to ApplyEEO EMPLOYERREASONABLE ACCOMMODATION UPON REQUESTAMERICORPS, PEACE CORPS, AND OTHER NATIONAL SERVICE ALUMNI ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY Apply Now Save this job 