 Analysis, Data Analysis, Development, Hadoop, Lifecycle, Manager, Management, Networks, Python, Research, SQL, Testing Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description comScore, a leading technology company in the entertainment measurement space, is seeking a Manager of Data Analytics in the Reston, VA location. This person will lead comScore's digital operations teams, supporting Media Metrix measurement products in multiple markets and ultimately scale data solutions to meet market demands. This role requires leading and coaching others, hands on data analysis, daily creative problem solving, driving new solutions, and above all, delivering against comScore's operations objectives. Problems we are solving: What, where, when, and how do people consume TV and digital content? Which networks, publishers, and platforms are changing the behavior of consumer consumption? How do we stay ahead of shifting technologies? How do we scale measurement solutions globally?About our team: Were a small but powerful team of data junkies, analyzing over 20 TB of data each day to deliver product and research solutions to our clients. We use SQL, Hadoop, Python, and many other tools every day. We work with Product Management on what problems to solve and collaborate with various teams to deliver scalable data solutions. We use tools like Slack and Trello to communicate effectively and occasionally make fun of each other. We love to learn and love tackling hard problems.Duties and responsibilities: * Define and deliver against operations objectives, supporting both US and INTL markets across many Media Metrix measurement products. * Test new concepts and integrate into a scalable operations environment. * Participate in ongoing research and evaluation of new technologies. * Exercise your experience in the development lifecycle through analysis, design, development, testing and deployment of this system. * Collaborate with teams in Software Engineering, Stats, and Product Management to deliver timely and quality data. You will be the knowledge expert, delivering quality data to our clients.Qualifications: * This candidate will manage a team so we require 3 to 5 years of direct leadership and career coaching in a data driven position. * 5-8 years of professional work experience (internships and higher education will NOT be considered work experience). * Ability to autonomously lead and manage simultaneous projects in a fast paced business environment. * Excellent verbal, written and computer communication skills with strong analytical and troubleshooting skills. * Ability to work closely in a collaborative role with other team members as well as complete tasks individually as assigned. * Experience in data analysis and creative problem solving with big data. * Expert with SQL or knowledge of relational databases and methods for efficiently retrieving data. * Ability to think creatively and solve complex problems. * Bachelors degree in a quantitative subject such as Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, etc.About comScore: comScore, Inc. (OTC: SCOR) is a leading cross-platform measurement company that measures audiences, brands and consumer behavior everywhere. comScore is a recognized global leader in cross-platform measurement of audiences, advertising and consumer behavior. Built on precision and innovation, comScore combines proprietary TV, digital and movie viewing data with vast demographic details to measure consumers' multiscreen behavior at scale. With more than 3,200 clients and a global footprint that spans more than 75 countries, comScore is delivering the future of media measurement.EEO Statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.*LI-EB1Department: Data Analytics, Research &amp; Product Operations Apply Now Save this job 