  ETL,SQL,SQL Optimization,Java,Ruby,Rails 5 + ,Mysql/Oracle/MS.SQL ,Loading Data (formatted file), Export formatted files, Multi-language Character sets ftp/sftp,Github or SVN Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2, 6+ Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION: Location: Utah Role: Senior Data Integrations Engineer At iCentris we’re looking for talented senior software data integration engineers who put the customer first. This is an exciting time to join the company as we’re entering a growth phase. As a senior software data integration engineer you’ll have excellent communication skills, superior problem solving skills and solid coding experience and enthusiasm for employing best practices that’ll be put to use implementing our company’s product roadmap. You should be passionate about: Customer satisfaction and collaboration Being a leader in your field and keeping your skills sharp Using technology to provide creative solutions that solve customer problems Making decisions and recommendations based on empirical data and facts Producing highest quality software Mentoring and working closely with team members Responsibilities: Develop and conform to best practice standards for software development Work with architects, business analysts, DevOps and DBAs to create and implement solutions. Understand existing systems, data flows, and databases well enough to propose and implement enhancements and improvements. Developing and maintaining technical software specifications Develop product centric features to accommodate multiple client request Work within a team structure with developers in the United States and India locations Develop highly scalable and reliable systems. Perform peer code reviews to ensure overall code quality Participate in and contribute to application scoping meetings Skill Set Requirements: Five (5) years of commercial engineering experience including: ETL SQL SQL Optimization Java Ruby 2.3 + Rails 5 + Mysql/Oracle/MS.SQL Loading Data – (formatted file) Export formatted files Multi-language Character sets ftp/sftp Github or SVN Stored Procedures Active MQueue or similar Ability to multi-task, problem-solve and prioritize in a fast paced environment. Demonstrate strong problem solving and remediation skills Strong analytical skills, ability to use metrics to drive proactive and continuous improvements. Excellent English written, oral, and presentation communication skills. Writing useful and effective unit and integration tests (Rspec, Jasmine) Bonus skills: MLM / Direct Selling industry knowledge SOLID, OOP, OOD, Application Architecture, Data Modelling, TDD Agile (especially Kanban) Modern JavaScript frameworks, particularly Angular2 Designing REST APIs, JSON, HATEOAS Mentoring AWS (e.g. Lambda, SNS, SQS, SES, RDS) RabbitMQ ElasticSearch Docker NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB, DynamoDB) Bootstrap 3.0 CSS conventions JIRA, Github and Slack Linux Enjoys company get-togethers Apply Now Save this job Posted By Ravi Kumar 450 N University Ave Suite 203 UT 