 Required Experience and Skillset: Minimum 10+ years strong experience in data architecture, development and modelling. Expert Level working knowledge of Database Design and Data Modeling Principle Full Time -USD Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The Enterprise Data Architect is responsible for definition and governance of all structured and unstructured physical data models, data entities, supporting artifacts and metadata repositories. Primary responsibility includes developing application data models and assessing impact of change to application data architectures and data models. Execute design sessions to gather requirements, review, approve, and communicate design artifacts with stakeholders. Develops physical modeling standards and strategies ensuring data Integrity, quality, consistency, security and performance. Required Experience and Skillset: Minimum 10+ years strong experience in data architecture, development and modelling. Expert Level working knowledge of Database Design and Data Modeling Principles. Extensive Experience with Oracle and also No SQL and Big data platforms developing Enterprise Data Models. Experience in Erwin or similar entity relationship tools and competent in SQL, PL/SQL and ETL. Strong track record in designing and documenting logical and physical database designs for Enterprise Application (OLTP), Data Warehouses (OLAP), NoSQL databases. Expert in designing and building complex ETL, cleansing, and data synchronization processes across information systems Experience in designing data migration strategies between RDBMS, open source and Cloud platforms. Strong in developing and present data flow diagrams, conceptual diagrams, UML diagrams, ER flow diagrams, creating the ETL Source to Target mapping specifications and supporting documentation. Strong experience implementing complex data driven solutions working closely with Database Administrators, Developers and business. Extensive experience with Data Warehouse and BI systems, should be expert in multidimensional data modeling, such as star schemas, snowflakes, normalized and de-normalized models, handling slow-changing dimensions/attributes. Experience in performing detailed analysis of business problems and technical environments and provide recommendations and implement best practices. Ensures strategies, standards, and architecture are consistent and well integrated across products. Should have maintained and administer the Corporate Data Model Repository. Keep skills up to date through ongoing self-directed training. Apply Now Save this job 