  AB Initio, Algorithms, Analysis, Analytical Skills, Architecture, C++, Data Analysis, Developer, Development, Hadoop, Linux, Management, Micro, Perl, Programming, Python, Release, Research, Ruby, SQL, Validation Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Big Data Developer USA-FL-Greater Ft Laud-Boca Raton | Analytics Dynamics of the Role TransUnion is looking for exceptional Big Data Developers to join our fast growing Information Technology Team. We are a dynamic, talented, and passionate team looking for highly talented individuals. We design, develop and support complex algorithms that optimize our high performance clusters. The various data assets collected and housed in our platform provides data on consumers across a multitude of dimensions such as raw data, sub segment level data and time series data. The current MPP platform written in C++ handles billions of records and terra bytes of data for each Customer. The ideal candidate is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently or collaboratively. They have an ability to break large complex problems into manageable pieces, strong object oriented concepts, an ability to dig through large volumes of data, and will apply component oriented micro services architecture as the position level demands. How You'll Contribute: Convert specifications to detailed instructions and logical steps to follow for coding. Build program code, test and deploy in different servers or computer equipment. Develop algorithms, perform data analysis and data validation Provide user support and problem solving - research results and analyze logs in search of causes and correct problems identified programs. Enjoying being challenged and to solve complex data problems on a daily basis. Document the programs developed, logic, coding and corrections What You’ll Bring: 4+ years with data ingestion, analysis, integration, and design 3+ years utilizing relational concepts, RDBMS systems, and data design techniques 3+ years as an ETL developer using an enterprise tool such as Ab Initio , SSIS and/or Ab Initio Ability to handle large volumes and variations of data, analyze, investigate and provide insight. Strong Programming skills with 2+ years of experience in software development Experience developing on Linux Sound knowledge of SQL Solid computer science fundamentals (algorithms, data structures and programming skills) Scripting experience (e.g. Perl, Python, Shell, Ruby, etc.) Strong analytical skills Computer Science (equivalent degree) preferred or comparable years of experience Nice to Have: Experience providing stable and reliable big data solutions Experience with Ab Initio Experience with distributed data processing, hpcc, Hadoop, and etc… Familiarity with test driven development, continuous integration and release management What We Offer This is an exciting time in TransUnion’s history. With investments in our people, technology and new business markets, we are redefining the role and purpose of a credit bureau. We are acquiring new businesses, launching new products, and expanding our services to businesses and consumers worldwide. The future has never looked brighter for our associates. We work hard to offer our team members meaningful work experiences to promote professional growth, and to provide an enjoyable place to work with competitive benefits, a healthy work/life balance, and a friendly, casual culture. Who We Are Information is a powerful thing. At TransUnion, we are dedicated to finding innovative ways information can be used to help people make better and smarter decisions. As a trusted provider of global information solutions, our mission is to help people around the world access the opportunities that lead to a higher quality of life, by helping organizations optimize their risk-based decisions and enabling consumers to understand and manage their personal information. Because when people have access to more complete and multidimensional information, they can make more informed decisions and achieve great things. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply Now Save this job 