 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> AB Initio, Agile, Analyst, Call Center, Database, Development, Hadoop, Informatica, Java, Lifecycle, Linux, Management, MS Office, Project, Python, QA, Quality Assurance, Scripts, SQL, Testing, Unix Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Big Data QA Engineer USA-IL-Greater Chicago-Chicago | Call Center QA Sr. Analyst – Data Analytics Dynamics of the Role This analyst position is responsible for independently conducting test processes for testing projects. In addition, this position ensures that the documentation of test results is complete and accurate. At this level, an associate acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments. Additionally, associates at this level fully understand all concepts and applications of quality assurance testing and performs all of the regular functions commonly required in quality assurance testing. Testing expertise is acknowledged by their peers and application and/or domain knowledge is deemed outstanding by business and technical customers. The Team’s Focus TransUnion Healthcare, one of the fastest growing verticals in a $2-billion global company, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the global credit and information management company TransUnion. TransUnion offers a series of data and decisioning solutions designed to help providers and patients find financial solutions for needed care. In the payer market, TransUnion offers healthcare analytics and reporting solutions to help payers improve the overall health of their members. The implementation of these solutions is changing the way healthcare is delivered in America. As TransUnion’s fastest-growing business, we think of ourselves as a start-up company with a trusted pedigree. We pride ourselves on fostering a fun, friendly work culture that allows associates at every level the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to innovative projects – and allows them a life outside the office. Our salaries, bonuses, and benefits are highly competitive – designed to attract and retain great talent. And our engaged and accessible senior staff members pride themselves on creating opportunities for associates to collaborate, grow, and advance. How You’ll Contribute: Responsible for all of the Quality Assurance deliverables including thoughtful development of test strategies, test scenarios and test cases for all phases of testing. Builds and/ or recommends appropriate test automation where needed. Develops test strategies for application changes and new features. Able to work through project obstacles and removes impediments Builds strong relationships across IT and business teams Successfully ensures sufficient test coverage for all projects. Develops a complete understanding of the application and the underlying technology. Able to perform test execution on all tests as needed Implements necessary test processes on projects, writes test plans, procedures, and scripts, analyzes test results; actively recommends and implements process improvements for supported projects Serves as a ‘risk owner’; communicates and provides documentation throughout the project lifecycle that advises the project teams of potential risk areas Remains educated/ informed on the full suite of testing tools, processes and artifacts that are available Embraces change and successfully brings innovative ideas to the team What You’ll Bring: 3-6+ years of technical QA experience 2+ years of experience testing ETL processes or experience with data analytics platforms Experienced with test automation for ETL and analytics applications Experience with any BigData/DataAnalytics solutions built on Hadoop, MapR, Hive/Pig, Hue, Informatica Big Data. Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Tableau or other data visualization tools Technical expertise; solid understanding of coding practices (.Net, Java , Ab Initio and/ or database management a plus) Strong SQL skills Experience working as part of an agile team Ability to describe good quality / testing techniques Strong use of MS office and Test management systems Demonstrated success at mitigating most risks while proactively escalating issues with possible solutions Demonstrated success in delivering on-time with quality Proven ability to quickly adapt to new technologies and processes Experience working on Linux or Unix systems Experience working with Ab Initio is a plus Experience with Hadoop technologies is a plus Experience with scripting language like Python is desirable. Who We Are At TransUnion, we are dedicated to finding ways information can be used to help people make better and smarter decisions. As a trusted provider of global information solutions, our mission is to help people around the world access the opportunities that lead to a higher quality of life, by helping organizations optimize their risk-based decisions and enabling consumers to understand and manage their personal information. Because when people have access to more complete and multidimensional information, they can make more informed decisions and achieve great things. Every day TransUnion offers our employees the tools and resources they need to find ways information can be used in diverse ways. Whether it is helping businesses better manage risk, providing better insights so a consumer can qualify for his first mortgage or working with law enforcement to make neighborhoods safer, we are improving the quality of life for individuals, families, communities and local economies around the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply Now Save this job 