 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> .Net, Consulting, Development, Genetic, HTTP, Manager, Management, Networks, Research, Security, Unix, Windows Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Security Engineer II - Data Protection - ( 2224112 ) Description Position Description Overview Our Data Protection Subject matter experts manage equipment and security processes that protect the integrity and confidentiality of client information by ensuring appropriate controls are in place to control data visibility. This position will engineer solutions for data visibility &amp; loss prevention technologies in the information security environment and will support current and future designs. The security engineer is expected to work independently with internal clients and senior management on information security issues and strategies; they will also manage new and existing requirements involving Data Protection, and fully document processes and solutions. Job Responsibilities A Subject Matter Expert responsible for confidentiality of client information and compliance with department standards and procedures. Designs, installs, implements, maintains, and troubleshoots complex operating systems software and related program products. Provides technical consulting on the use and integration of applications into the operating environment. Member of team responsible for engineering of DLP security solutions for First Data, to include, but not limited to: Laptops, Desktops, Virtual Desktops, Mobile platforms, Email, Proxy, Sensitive Data Scanning, Network Egress Monitoring, Global Deployment and Engineering Support, Operational Support Handover, Remediation Engineering and Support Engineering of the Symantec Data Loss Prevention security toolset including Policy creation, Remediation, agent deployment, email integration, proxy integration, scanning, and support preferred Global Security or Application Enterprise Integration Engineering preferred Experience with Windows and Unix Support and Engineering preferred Engineering of Global Agent deployments is a plus Research and development of mobile platform security solutions is a plus Solid understanding of Network and Endpoint Systems Scanning is a plus Fundamental knowledge of firewalls, networks, operating systems, databases, and storage preferred Performs additional job duties as required. Scope of Job Leads strategic projects as the subject matter expert Provides strategic leadership. Coaches and mentors other team members. Autonomy Works independently works with functional and business units to execute projects . Job Requirements 10+ years of related IT experience. Master’s Degree preferred or Bachelor’s Degree with equivalent work experience and appropriate certifications. Expert knowledge of operating systems, subsystems, and software vendor products. Strong understanding of how technology relates to business, market and industry and applies knowledge to support the needs of critical systems and projects. Competencies Industry Knowledge desired First Data is an Affirmative Action – Equal Opportunity Employer (Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabled/LGBT) First Data provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity/expression), disability, veteran status and military status, pregnancy or pregnancy-related medical conditions, or any other factor that may be protected by law. Primary Location : United States-Georgia-Marietta-Marietta 1600 Terrell Mill Job Field : Technical Support Schedule : Full-time Job Posting : Nov 28, 2017 Manager Level : L3 - Middle Mgmt/Sr Professional Employee Status : Regular Apply Now Save this job 