 SAP, Business Analysis, Data Mining Contract W2 Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Our customer located in East Hartford, CT has the need for an Analyst to provide customer support by researching and resolving process and data issues to ensure on-time shipment of product. Consult customers on rules and requirements of the application used for Assembly Floor Work and Assembly Floor Engine Completeness checks. This person should be able to analyze processes to correct any cause of delays and document the issues and resolutions. Responsibilities include: Analyze issues preventing shipments of engines Analyze data to determine what is causing a problem and resolve the issue Resolve Help Desk Tickets submitted customers Consult customers on rules and requirements of the application used for Assembly Floor Work and Assembly Floor Engine Completeness checks Correct master data residing in SAP, workflow problems, and communicate to customer on how to resolve Perform data loads, mass updates, data fixes, workflow, and release strategy as defined in the helpdesk ticket Through analysis of the system process and data, identify missing pieces of the process and/or missing data on ship documents Document issues and how they were resolved Assist in analyzing ongoing issues and identify process or system changes to improve the process Skills required: 5 – 7 years IT experience 5 years of Business Analysis and Data Mining experience Knowledge of SAP Ability to understand and consult on issues, based on logic within the application Knowledge of manufacturing, BOM and shop floor applications/processes Must be able to work 2nd shift Attention to Detail Proven problem-solving abilities Excellent written and oral communication skills Effective Time Management Skills Highly self-motivated and directed Flexible during times of change - Adjust to shifting priorities and timelines through analytical and problem solving capabilities Must be able to learn, understand, and apply new technologies Desired: Knowledge of Solumina and Teamcenter Please send compensation expectations/requirements and a MS Word or PDF version of your resume. No relocation/expense money provided. Candidates must be able to pass a background check, type 40 WPM, and must be able to work at a computer in a seated or stationary position for an hour at a time. US citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. However, we are unable to sponsor H1B or utilize 3rd party candidates at this time. Data Based Development Systems is a continually growing and successful IT consulting firm in Glastonbury, CT that has been servicing Fortune 100 businesses for 30 years. Our clients offer an attractive work environment and the opportunity to work with state of the art technology. We offer competitive compensation and the opportunity to work with the latest technologies. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Amy Her CT, 06040 