 Analysis, Architecture, BI Tools, Business Intelligence, Business Requirements, Data Architecture, Database, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, Developer, Development, Genetic, Management, Modeling, Quality Assurance, SQL, Testing, Validation Full Time, Full-Time/Regular Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Position Summary: We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse Developer. In this role, the successful candidate Works closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. These solutions must be aligned with business and IT strategies and comply with the organizations architectural standards. Involved in the full systems life cycle and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting application software that is delivered on time and within budget. Makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code. Responsibilities may also include participation in component and data architecture design, performance monitoring, product evaluation and buy versus build recommendations. Has experience in systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies. Job Responsibilities:+ Communicate effectively with business partners and stakeholders + Design and implement data warehousing and business intelligence solutions using dimensional modeling and star schema + Design, implement and maintain ETL processes from multiple data sources + Monitor production jobs and resolve any issues in a timely manner + Define and capture metadata and rules associated with ETL processes + Map source system data to Data Warehouse Data Model + Query tuning/Optimization for performance + Translates program needs to requirements and effectively collaborates with program stakeholders to prioritize needs. + Validation of results with program representatives + Contribute to the development of best practices and disseminating those best practices to internal/external audiences + Ensure efficiency of processes and procedures + Experience with Tableau Minimum Qualifications: To qualify you must have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline and minimum of 2 years of data warehousing/business intelligence experience. Proficiency in SQL required. Professional experience with at least two relational database management systems required. Professional experience with ETL concepts and processes required. demonstrated professional experience in Business Intelligence (BI) required including: - Data Warehousing concepts - Data Modeling concepts - Database Design - Data Visualization - Dashboard design Demonstrated capacity for delivering on deadlines, attention to detail and documenting work required. Positive attitude and a desire to change the world. Required Licenses: No License Code Preferred Qualifications: Previous experience working in Higher Education Knowledge of Query tuning and use of query hints &amp; indexes preferred. Professional Experience building dashboards using Tableau or similar BI tools preferred. Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization. NYU School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you'll feel good about devoting your time and your talents. NYU School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online. Company Location NYU School of Medicine Department MCIT-ALEX (S1042) Position Type Full-Time/Regular Shift 09:00 AM to 05:00 PM Apply Now Save this job Company Information NYU Langone Medical Center, a world-class patient-centered integrated academic medical center, is one of the nation's premier centers for excellence in clinical care, biomedical research, and medical education. Located in the heart of Manhattan, NYU Langone is composed of four hospitals – Tisch Hospital, its flagship acute care facility; Rusk Rehabilitation; the Hospital for Joint Diseases, one of only five hospitals in the nation dedicated to orthopaedics and rheumatology; and Hassenfeld Children's Hospital, a comprehensive pediatric hospital supporting a full array of children's health services across the medical center – plus the NYU School of Medicine, which since 1841 has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history. The medical center's tri-fold mission to serve, teach, and discover is achieved 365 days a year through the seamless integration of a culture devoted to excellence in patient care, education and research. For more information, go to www.NYULMC.org. 