 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Software Engineer - The Software Engineer is responsible for working on an Agile development team to determine the changes needed to the data model , databases along with the necessary ETL coding and implementation for regulatory reporting. Responsible for design and development of various ETL processing using Oracle PL/SQL, Ab Initio and Unix Shell scripting. Responsible for writing complex SQLs for data analysis and data profiling. Knowledge of database architecture/practices is essential. Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) tools such as Tableau and Bigdata querying &amp; ETL tools is preferred. This is an individual contributor that may have team lead responsibilities for 1-4 people. Specific responsibilities/skills: Advanced experience &amp; demonstrated proficiency in all aspects of Ab Initio tool set to create graphs, using performance improvement components, parallel processing, graph tuning, single and multi-file processing, metadata processing using EME etc. Significant experience &amp; proficiency in all aspects of Oracle PL/SQL programming and data analysis, including Cursors, Ref-cursors, Oracle procedures/packages, Collections, Partitioned Tables, Triggers, Table Indexing. Extensive experience in Complex SQL Queries, Dynamic SQL, Analytical function, various Oracle Objects, etc. Strong experience on database design, best architecture practices, normalization and dimensional modeling etc. Experience working on Agile methodologies as developer. Preferred experience with Bigdata technologies and tools such as Apache Hadoop/Cloudera/MapR/HortonWorks, HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Big Data querying tools (such as Pig, Hive, Impala), NoSQL databases (such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB) Preferred experience with Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau Fundamentals and Solid facilitation skills to gather the necessary (functional &amp; technical) information to document and/or develop a strategic/tactical plan. Able to properly document (functional &amp; technical) source to target mappings, process flows, data flows, technical specification and unit test document Work independently in the design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance of systems of moderate size/complexity with a fast turn-around Perform extensive business process analysis including data analysis and GAP analysis Apply innovation, creativity, and improvement to the development process Problem-solving, keep abreast of new technologies Serve as a process expert for a defined functional area, which includes: Managing key data sources &amp; inputs Planning and ensuring implementation of end state automation activities Providing guidance for the design, development, and implementation of automated processes Required Qualifications: Bachelors? degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology or related area 5+ years? experience in Distributed Multi-tier Application Development, Database Design, Data processing, Data Warehouse and Support mainly with Oracle technology on different platforms Candidates must have advanced experience with Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Data Analysis and Performance Tuning. Hands on experience of Tools like TOAD, SQL Developer, and SQL Loader. Advanced hands on experience at Ab Initio ETL design and development including EME and BRE Working experience as Agile developer and good understanding of SDLC methodologies/guidelines Experience at developing complex UNIX shell scripts Experience with Subversion or similar source code versioning tools and coding standards Experience with scheduling tool such as Control-M or similar tools Preferred Qualifications: 2-3 years of Mortgage/Banking/finance analytical support experience preferred, but not mandatory. Experience with Talend ETL tool Experience with Tableau or Cognos BI tools Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 