 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description As a member of our Software EngineeringGroup you will dive head-first into creating innovative solutions that advancebusinesses and careers. You?ll join an inspiring and curious team oftechnologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development,coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating highquality software and new products. You?ll be tasked with keeping the team andother key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what?s being developed.Coming in with an understanding of the importance of end-to-end softwaredevelopment-such as Agile frameworks-is key. And best of all, you?ll be workingwith and sharing ideas, information and innovation with our global team oftechnologists from all over the world. This role requires a wide variety ofstrengths and capabilities, including: BS/BAdegree or equivalent experience Advancedknowledgeof application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understandingof architecture and design across all systems Workingproficiency in developmental toolsets Abilityto collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firmto accomplish common goals 3+ years of experience in middle-tier/backend systems development in Java/Linux Big data background with experience designing and implementing large scale systems Working experience with Hadoop, Enterprise Java development, NoSQL data platforms (Cassandra), Pub/sub messaging (Rendezvous, AMPS, Kafka, etc.), Stream processing (Storm, Spark Streaming, etc.), Batch Processing with Hive/SQL and Visualization with Tableau. Extensive experience with horizontally scalable and highly available system design and implementation, with focus on performance and resiliency Extensive experience profiling, debugging, and performance tuning complex distributed systems Willingness to commit extra effort to meet deadlines as required on a high profile and business critical project Our Consumer &amp; Community BankingGroup depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers andover 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You?ll support the delivery of award winningtools and services that cover everything from personal and small businessbanking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance andinvestment advice. This group is also focused on developing and deliveringcutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generationbanking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase &amp;Co., you?re not just working at a global financial institution. You?re anintegral part of one of the world?s biggest tech companies. In 14 technologyhubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deployeverything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobilesolutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity,machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment intechnology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that willnot only transform the financial services industry, but also change theworld. At JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. we value theunique skills of every employee, and we?re building a technology organizationthat thrives on diversity. We encourageprofessional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits andcompensation. If you?re looking to buildyour career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges thatimpact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meetyou. Soif you're ready to put your passion for technology to work in a way that makesa real difference, apply today. Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 