 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. About J.P. Morgan Corporate &amp; Investment BankJ.P. Morgan's Corporate &amp; Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate &amp; Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. Currencies Technology supports the business goals of the Global FX business for all technology delivery, having direct application development responsibility for key business systems and an overall end-to-end remit for systems implementation across the Currencies business. The team consists of people based in London, Bournemouth, Houston, New York, Mumbai, Bangalore, Singapore, Tokyo and Sydney.WCP(Wholesale Client Profitability) Technology, part of Client Intelligence Technology group manages various strategic platforms which sources data, analyse it and redistributes complex analytics pertaining to client profitability, the team also manages various technology reporting platforms for senior decision making staff enabling them to understand client profitability and actual ROI of a client.Vertica/Informatica/Big Data Developer role based out of Jersey City, the role will require the candidate to understand existing applications complex workflows, propose solutions for solving business problems, align deliverables with business cycles and support business partners.The Primary job will be hands on development and support on Wholesale Client Profitability applications using big data technologies primarily Hadoop, Spark and Vertica and the job will require the candidate to establish strong partnership with global development teams, DevOps team as well as other teams in the group.The job will also require having a good understanding of technical project planning and global scrum and sprint calls.Business support and answering day to day queries for business will be part of the roleResponsibilities? Development (Coding) for Vertica, Hadoop, Spark and Informatica? Putting In right practices for SDLC including code reviews, pair programming etc.? Implementing best practices/standards for development and production releases? Working closely with plan teams and business aligned technology teams.? Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed designs.? Working closely with operate teams, understanding JPMorgan DevOps practices and aligning releases accordingly? Testing prototypes and oversee handover to operational teams.? Facing business teams from time to time post releases and answering questions on data and release schedules? Documenting requirementLI/POST? 8-10 years experience in the field of Technology development ? 3+ years of experience working on Big Data platforms? Hands-on experience on Vertica, Informatica, Hadoop, Spark ? Very good understanding of relational as well as columnar databases(Oracle/vertica)? Good understanding of financial concepts including Balance Sheets, P&amp;L Statements and Ratios and financial products? Good hold on scripting including Shell/Perl and Python.? Good hold on MS office (power point, Excel, Word and Visio)? Bachelor's or Master's degree in Information and computer Science or equivalent an practical work experienceEssential Professional Skills? A "can do" attitude? Be able to adjust quickly to changes? Very Good verbal and written communication? Ability to work to deadlines? Aptitude to decipher complex business functions ? Ability to Multitask and inquisitiveness to learn newer domain and Technology? Organization skills, be able to prioritize task base on priority level.? Ability to multitask and quickly respond to critical issues and changes in requirements? Adopt best practices in day to day work to improve efficiency.? Be able to partner with people from other teams to get work done togetherCommunication skills, be able to explain the root cause of an issue; be able to explain necessary testing variables that apply to code written; be able to explain code implementation in detail and at a high level? Flexibility to work with Global teams which will require working off normal working hours? Sound communication skills and ability to interact with senior business leaders and technology colleagues? Leadership skills should be able to improve the team working by providing technical and process guidance; be able to motivate and influence both business and technical communities? Bringing Innovative and practical ideas Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 