 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> data warehousing, data science, big data, analytics Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel required to 25%. Job Description The Data and Analytics Solution Lead will be responsible for managing the vision and the delivery of Concurrency’s Data and Analytics solutions to clients. Reporting to the VP of Cloud Applications and Data, this role is heavily focused on emerging technologies, technical standards, cross functional capabilities and competitive analysis which is vital to Concurrency’s growth. The Solution Lead will work closely with all areas of the business to successfully run and grow the solution. This role will require management of other leadership roles within the solution area. This role will also play a very active role in our alliance relationships. This role requires both broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect a solution by mapping a customer business need to a technology solution. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in design and deployment of Data and Analytics solutions. This role will also require “hands on” customer delivery and leadership in the solution area’s most strategic projects. This delivery includes the creation, assignment and completion of technical tasks will ensure exceptional delivery of services. Maintain knowledge of current technology innovation in the area of Data and Analytics including reporting, integration, data warehousing, data science and big data. Maintains a defined vision for leading assigned solution and how we take that solution to market. Superior delivery of Concurrency solution services resulting in high client satisfaction. Continuous improvement of each consultant’s performance in partnership with the Managing Architect and Human Capital to deliver constructive reviews, defining individual milestones and goals, and guiding individual career paths. Manage solution area leadership. Monitor and measure success of projects in area of solution. Establish highly effective relationships with Microsoft and other Concurrency partners for assigned solution and service offerings. Align with Microsoft and other Concurrency partners by maintaining Solution team and individual certifications and readiness for assigned Concurrency service offerings. Drive change by identifying, addressing and leading internal projects and processes in order to improve culture, programs, technology and ROI. Lead and deliver customer solutions on strategic projects. Provide subject matter expertise for multiple projects concurrently through all phases. Possess a very good understanding of Concurrency’s business across multiple solutions. Presents well to customers and key client executives. Ensure project delivery is consistent with Concurrency engagement practices. Identify new engagement opportunities within existing clients. Maintain high team satisfaction in partnership with Managing Architects and Human Capital resulting in high consultant attraction and retention. Author Statements of Work (SoW), problem solve and present to clients Lead and win client efforts/client facing pre-sales Drive solution marketing and community awareness through annual planning including team events, presenting, blogging etc. Architect client solutions, monitor &amp; measure project success and resolve post sale execution issues. Maintain marketing and sales materials, SOW templates, PreFlight checklists, and Deployment Work Plans. Perform competitive technical analysis amongst products. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Michelle Diaz 13600 Bishops Court Brookfield, WI, 53005 Contact 