 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The Corporate Technology (CT) organization develops applications and provides technology support for corporate functions across JPMorgan Chase, including Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and all functions within the Corporate Administrative Office including the Global Security and Investigations organization (GS&amp;I). The GS&amp;I organization is responsible for the physical security, pre-employment processing, resiliency, crisis management and investigations functions across JPMC?s global foot print. The Global Security Technology (GST) organization within CT team develops and implements technology solution to support GS&amp;I functions. One of GS&amp;I?s key programs is to proactively identify and manage internal risk by ingesting data from multiple sources applying rules and risk modelling techniques to detect questionable actions, flagging and escalating threats for investigation. We are currently seeking a seasoned Software Engineer with strong experience in Big Data and Analytics implementations to lead the development and implementation components of this program. The selected candidate will be integral contributor in driving this firm-wide initiative forward by modernizing the technology delivery, working with external and internal partners in the implementation of the solution using Agile practices. ? As a VP, Software Engineer Lead, will be responsible for the overall software development, implementation and integration components of and configuration of In-House and 3rd Party Solutions for this program. ? Collaborate with our internal GS&amp;I, Internal and External Technology teams towards the successful implementation of the technical solutions supporting this program. ? Provide technical leadership to Solutions Integration and other Software Engineers. ? Take ownership and accountability for the deliverables in all phases of the development lifecycle. ? Work closely with Business Analyst Leads and Product Owners to understand LOB technology drivers, requirements and their impact on architecture design. ? Partner with the Infrastructure Architecture Leads and 3rd Party Vendor in defining and designing target state architecture and a strategic roadmap in line with JPMC Big Data standards. ? Deploy effective solutions to complex technical integrations, including expansion of risks models using JSON and Python and data ingestion from Spark/Hadoop data lake into NoSQL MongoDB. ? Perform Proof-of-Concepts on Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Statistical Models using Bayesian Networks. ? Estimate effort, code, test and implement incremental Agile production-like deliverables. ? Adhere to architecture standards, risk management, security guidelines and data management policies. ? Participate and partner with other teams on the end-to-end integration testing effort. ? Participate in users meetings with product owners to get a better understanding of users ideas, issues and product backlog. ? 10+ years of relevant development life cycle experience in systems and applications management including systems/application design. ? 7+ years hands-on experience in o Implementing vendor solutions, with strong knowledge of Integration Architecture. o Development of application solutions in multiple technologies and design techniques. o Working across large environments with multiple operating systems / infrastructure. ? Strong leadership skills and demonstrated ability to manage team members and external business consultants and vendors. ? Demonstrated track record of delivering multiple, complex technical projects on time/within budget. ? Experience in full-lifecycle project management methodologies and tools including Agile. ? Excellent written and oral communication skills and demonstrated ability to interact with all technical and non-technical members of the organization including senior management. ? Must have strong hands-on development and implementation experience on the following technologies: o Spark o Hadoop o HBase o MongoDB o Oracle o Java o Python o XML/JSON data-interchange ? Strong understanding of internals of Spark and Hadoop e.g. DataFrame, DAG, data partition and distribution, named node limitations, MapReduce concepts and tuning. At least a bachelor?s degree in computer science, software engineering or information technology. Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 