 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Data Architecture Manager - Commercial Lending Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The Data Architecture Manager - Commercial Lending Floor Plan and Wholesale is an Enterprise level position responsible for leading and managing a high performing team of Data Architects in the design of application and analytical data warehouse databases utilized by the GM Financial Commercial Lending Team to deliver world class products and services to GM Financial Customers throughout the entire Commercial Lending Floor Plan and Wholesale life cycle. To be successful in this position the right candidate must possess advanced skills in both the technical aspects of application and analytical data warehouse database and data integration methodologies as well as in the resource planning and project management disciplines to support those efforts. The Data Architecture Manager - Commercial Lending Floor Plan and Wholesale will partner with IT, business teams, and 3rd party vendors as needed to identify complex data needs and, through experience, an advanced understanding of Data Management, and sound judgment will develop and implement strategies to successfully execute the GM Financial enterprise data strategic vision. JOB DUTIES: Manage a team of enterprise, Data Architects in the design of both Application and Data Warehouse Databases and Interfaces leveraging a best of breed Enterprise Data Architecture featuring multiple technologies and focusing on 3rd normal form application data models, data vault (2.0) and star schema Data Warehouse data models using Kimball methodolgy. Partner with all key stakeholders to understand complex business needs, work with cross-functional Data and Business Teams, and deliver efficient and scalable Data Platforms with the appropriate level of purpose and urgency. Develop opportunities to utilize emerging big data and data virtualization technologies where practical and efficient while participating in the creation of governance processes and best practices to maximize flexibility and efficiency within the Data Warehouse environment. Collaborate with other members of the data team including DBAs, Data Architecture, Data Integration, Business System Analysts, Business Intelligence and the Data Warehouse Steering Committee resulting in effective solutions. Drive innovations by keeping current on emerging technology and Data Trends which may fit with GM Financial's IT and Business needs. Must be able to research, present, and accurately articulate benefits and goals of these technologies. Participate in the proliferation of our corporate meta-data repository. Provide functional advice or training and serve as a mentor to less experienced Data Architects and/ or other data team members. OTHER IMPORTANT DUTIES Act as liaison for vendor and company communication. Perform special projects as assigned/ required. REPORTING RELATIONSHIP: Reports to: Assistant Vice President Data Architecture Subordinates: Data Architects QUALIFICATIONS: Expert working knowledge in Data Architecture, Data Modeling, and Data integration techniques. Expert working knowledge of Project and Resource Management Strategies and Techniques. (ex. project planning, project tracking, resource allocation, training and development, recruiting, etc…) Expert level knowledge of SQL; development experience preferred. Advanced understanding of Business Intelligence Tools and both their functional and technical requirements. Cognos preferred. Must be experienced in the heavy use of concepts and logic; as well as display excellent judgment, and be capable of analyzing business and management problems. Must possess the ability to arrive at sound and effective business solutions. Thorough understanding and working knowledge of data modeling and extensive experience in modeling and fact-finding techniques. Must have strong knowledge of Relational Database Design, Dimensional Database Design, and Hub and Spoke Database Design. Data Vault Modeling preferred. Must have strong working knowledge of ERwin Data Modeling Software. Must have basic understanding and working knowledge in at least one of the following Data Management disciplines: Data Vault, Master Data Management, Data Virtualization, Big Data concepts and technologies Position requires proficient business knowledge in the subject areas being modeled. SKILLS: Must possess strong organizational, facilitation and critical thinking abilities, to assess complex problems, analyze options, navigate diverse perspectives and objectives and develop acceptable data management solutions. Must have a strong work ethic, positive demeanor, and drive to see projects through to successful completion. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills, and the ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and a heavy workload. Must possess the interpersonal skills necessary to lead and coordinate others to accomplish goals on complex tasks/ projects. Must be able to present information in a clear and concise manner to all levels of the organization. Must be able to influence others through articulation of ideas, concepts, benefits, etc. Must be assertive and proactive and have the ability to bring out the best in others. Must have strong project management skills. Ability to foster and grow teams with top-notch skill-sets. Must have the ability to work both autonomously and with appropriate collaboration among other team members and applying Data Management concepts to a variety of "real-life" business scenarios. EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's degree preferred. Minimum of 7 years overall experience in information systems is required. Preferred background experience in application development, ETL development, report development and/ or other Data Warehouse projects. Minimum 5 years data modeling experience. Minimum of 2 years working with ERwin Data Modeler. Minimum of 2 years working in a Manager, Lead, or SME type of Role. Experience working within an enterprise data management role including transactional data, analytical data, and Data Governance/ Administration preferred. Experience with Oracle is highly desired. Strong experience with data modeling and data integration tools. WORKING CONDITIONS: Normal office environment. Will require occasional overtime. Must be able to provide routine off-hours support from home. May require very limited travel. ADDITIONAL DETAILS: Job Grade: E.E15 Apply Now Save this job Posted By GM Financial 