 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description As a member of our SoftwareEngineering Group you will dive head-first into creating innovative solutionsthat advance businesses and careers. You?ll join an inspiring and curious team oftechnologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development,coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating highquality software and new products. You?ll be tasked with keeping the team andother key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what?s being developed.Coming in with an understanding of the importance of end-to-end softwaredevelopment-such as Agile frameworks-is key. And best of all, you?ll be workingwith and sharing ideas, information and innovation with our global team oftechnologists from all over the world. This role requires a widevariety of strengths and capabilities, including: ? Advancedknowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines ? Understanding ofarchitecture and design across all systems ? Workingproficiency in developmental toolsets ? Ability tocollaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm toaccomplish common goals ? The Data Warehouse role is responsible foreliciting requirements; designing operational/dimensional data models,technical design documents, developing extract/transform/load routinesusing PL/SQL and Informatica Power Center. ? Perform data analysis, plan and conductintegrated testing of ETL. Must have strong Oracle, Unix, Linux skills, and demonstrated experience with multi-terabyte warehouse systems. BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience in a relevant field, 7+ years experience in Information Technology, data warehousing and business intelligence project work. 5+ years experience with Informatica Power Center, or equivalent ? Experience with Java, Hadoop/Pentaho/Big Data orAgile a plus. Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Technology or equivalent work experience. Understanding of Financial and Banking applications or related business experience is a major plus Experience with a large financial institution is a major plus OurCorporate &amp; Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build andmaintain the technology that helps us safely service the world?s importantcorporations, governments and institutions. You?ll develop solutions for a bankentrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion indeposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk,and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorganChase &amp; Co., you?re not just working at a global financial institution.You?re an integral part of one of the world?s biggest tech companies. In 14technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build anddeploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobilesolutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity,machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment intechnology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that willnot only transform the financial services industry, but also change theworld. At JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. we value the uniqueskills of every employee, and we?re building a technology organization thatthrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and careerdevelopment, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you?relooking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling bigchallenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, wewant to meet you. Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 