 Analysis, Analyst, CIO, Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Development, ERP, Excel, Management, Metrics, Modeling, Project, Project Management, SQL, VBA Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Description TIME SOLUTIONS, LLC Company Job Title: Data Analyst Chenega Job Title: Data Analyst Clearance:Secret ClearanceLocation: Arlington, VA Reports To:Program ManagerFLSA Status:Exempt, Full Time, RegularPrepared Date:11-01-2017Approved Date: 10-31-2017 ***THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON CONTRACT AWARD*** Chenega -Time Solutions is seeking a Data Analyst with expertise in conducting data analysis, design and documentation to support USAID M/CIO to ensure the agency efficiently achieves its mission objectives through the use of Information Technology. USAID relies heavily on the availability of Information Technology (IT) systems and infrastructure to serve nations around the globe. The Management Bureau, Office of the Chief Information Officer (M/CIO) delivers the necessary tools to enable individuals at headquarters and in the field to focus on completing the USAID mission. The M/CIO is responsible for providing IT systems and infrastructure to our Agency customers. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) · Responsible for supporting the FP&amp;A and leadership team by leveraging systems expertise to develop and maintain customized reports, dashboards, business analytic tools to efficiently and effectively management the business · Apply statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business and analytical reports · Work with Team members to create a graphical presentation of prioritized list of needs for each project and program within each portfolio · Identify efficient methods and frameworks to streamline data management, aggregation, and reporting · Use data to create models that depict trends in technology performance (functionally and reliability) · Work with team members to outline specific data needs for each project to derive useful information · Strong communication skills as the role calls for presenting the reports to the client · Project management skills and organization skills to be self-sufficient and organized · Develop solid knowledge of the client agency mission and business, systems and appropriately leverage data to meet business needs · Collaborate with colleagues to gather end user requirements and define/implement analytical tools, reports, metrics, and dashboards to meet business needs · Data modeling, data querying, dashboard building using Tableau · Become a SME on the client's data sources, dashboards and federal reporting requirements Non-Essential Duties: · Other duties as assigned Supervisory Responsibilities: · NONE Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) · Active Secret Clearance – or be able to obtain one · MS/MA and 20 years of experience or BS/BA and 25 years of experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience in a Computer Science or related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience · 3 years or more of specialized/direct experience conducting data analysis, design, and documentation, preferably in a Federal Government IT environment. · Excellent Excel VBA skills required · ERP experience, business analytics / reporting required · SQL, Tableau dashboard development/maintenance desired · Data development and management within the ServiceNow environment a plus · Microsoft Office Suite proficiency Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: · Expertise to develop and maintain customized reports, dashboards, business analytic tools to efficiently and effectively management the business Diversity: · Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; Educates others on the value of diversity; Promotes a harassment-free environment; Builds a diverse workforce. Ethics: · Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. Physical Demands: · The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. · While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Work Environment : · The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. · The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. · During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. M# #M Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. Apply Now Save this job 