 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the worlds most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com/. As an Application Developer, you will be responsible to provide high quality technology solutions that address business needs by developing applications within mature technology environments. You will utilize mature (3rd or 4th Generation) programming methodologies and languages and adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation.You will participate in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed technical solution. Primarily, you will participate in sprint planning, backlog grooming, and daily stand up discussions as part of an application development scrum team. You will participate in design reviews and provide input to the design recommendations, incorporate security requirements into design, and provide input to information/data flow, and understand and comply with Project Life Cycle Methodology in all planning steps. You will adhere to IT Control Policies throughout design, development, and testing and incorporate Corporate Architectural Standards into application design specifications. Enforcement of development and testing standards will be achieved through regular code reviews of peers. Additionally, you will work with your team to ensure proper documentation of detailed application specifications, translate technical requirements into programmed application modules, and develop and enhance software application modules. You will participate in code reviews and ensure that all solutions are aligned to pre-defined architectural specifications, identify and troubleshoot application code-related issues, and review and provide feedback to the final user documentation. You will be expected to encourage collaboration within your team as well as across development teams. The position requires excellence with Java/J2EE Enterprise web development and developing all tiers of an application (middleware, integration, and database). It requires knowledge of the Spring framework and Object Oriented methodology of design and development. It requires knowledge of JDBC including transaction management, caching, and performance tuning and web services Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Minimum five years of Application Development work experience Solid application design, coding, testing, maintenance and debugging skills Minimum of five year of work experience in a client server environment Advanced experience in Java, J2EE, Spring, multi-threaded applications, and web service programming and design techniques Solid understanding of Test Driven Development, JUnit, Mockito, MQ, Maven, Apache Tomcat, Repository Management (Git) Basic knowledge of NoSQL and SQL Knowledge of version and revision control practices and procedures Apply Now Save this job Company Information For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co has provided innovative financial solutions for consumers, small businesses, corporations, governments and institutions around the world. Today, we're a leading global financial services firm with operations servicing clients in more than 100 countries. Whether we are serving customers, helping small businesses, or putting our skills to work with partners, we strive to identify issues and propose solutions that will propel the future and strengthen both our clients and our communities. 