 Agile, Analysis, Apache, Architecture, Automated, BW, CMS, Data Architecture, Database, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, DB2, Development, Hadoop, Hardware, Help Desk, Java, Lifecycle, Lifecycle Development, Management, Metrics, Modeling, MongoDB, Oracle, Performance Testing, Programming, Python, Release, Ruby, SAP, SAP BW, Scientific, Security, Specification, SQL, SQL Server, Sybase, Testing, UX Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Req ID 95026BR Business Title Big Data Architect Group MSS Location USA MARYLAND Owings Mills Clearance Level Needed None Category Information Technology Job Duties and Responsibilities ManTech is seeking a candidate to become a part of a diverse team that provides support to the End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) value-based purchasing programs administered by the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS). The team provides the full lifecycle development and support necessary to consolidate the following three existing data entry and reporting systems into a single redesigned system: • The Consolidated Renal Operations in a Web-Enabled Network (CROWNWeb) • The Renal Management Information System (REMIS) • The ESRD Quality Incentive Payment (QIP) System ManTech provides agile requirements gathering and breakdown for sprint story refinement, user experience (UX) design, acceptance test-driven development (ATDD), DevOps, automated testing to include comprehensive regression testing, software release and deployment, documentation, help desk/maintenance support, and knowledge transfer. Big Data Architect Job Duties: • Provides leadership &amp; expertise in establishing analytic environments required for structured, semi- and unstructured data that includes a real-time cloud based infrastructure with both hot and cold-path data processing capabilities and minimizes processing resource utilization through elastic execution. • Manage the Managed Services vendor team • Guide in development &amp; support of innovative solutions for a Data Warehouse projects for all consumed applications internally. • Develops, documents and implement best practices for Big Data solutions • Design, construct, and manage the Amazon Web Services data lake environment including: data ingestion, staging, data quality monitoring, and business modeling. • Drive the collection, cleansing, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources, including the oversight for defining and reporting data quality and consistency metrics. • Analyzes business needs and creates software solutions. • Evaluates and recommends software and hardware solutions to meet user needs. • Prepares flow charts, business process management (BPM) workflow, and systems diagrams to assist in problem analysis. • Responsible for preparing design/technical/functional specification documentation. • Designs, configures/codes, tests, debugs and documents software/solution according to SBD-IT systems standards, policies and procedures. • Prepares test data for unit, development integration and performance testing. • Resolves customer issues with software solutions and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements. • Interacts with users and I/T to define current and future requirements. Mandatory Skills: • Knowledge: o Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience in CMS. o Knowledge of Big Data platforms and software like Hadoop, Apache Spark, Cassandra, HBase, HDFS, Map-Reduce, Hive, PIG, MongoDB, Sqoop, Storm o AWS solutions including S3, Kinesis, Lambda, EMR, DynamoDB, Redshift, Spark, RDS and frameworks such as Hortonworks and/or Cloudera o Working with large complex data sets, real-time/near real-time analytics, and distributed big data platforms o The ability to troubleshoot and tune relevant programming languages like Python, SQL, Java/Scala/Ruby, R, PIG Latin, HiveQL &amp; MapReduce. o Deep understanding of major RDBMS systems like Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, &amp; Sybase o Solid understanding of ETL architectures, data movement technologies, database partitioning, database optimization, and building communication channels between structured and unstructured databases. o Strong understanding of metadata, data profiling and data cleansing techniques, including implementation experience with metadata search tools for big data platforms. • Experience with: o Techniques for Parallel &amp; Distributed computing for Big Data, such as MapReduce Framework, Hadoop, YARN o Multidimensional data modeling, such as star schemas, snowflakes, normalized and de-normalized models, handling slowly changing dimensions/attributes. o Integrating Big Data analytics with Enterprise Data warehouses like SAP BW, a strong plus o Knowledge of data management including data warehousing &amp; statistical modeling. o Proven track record driving rapid prototyping and designs for projects and analytic R&amp;D environments. o Learn &amp; stay current on Big Data &amp; Internet of Things developments, opportunities, and challenges o Serves as a technical authority within the organization and with customers. o Manages projects or customer relationships of critical importance. o May be industry-wide authority. o Develops advanced/leading-edge technologies and/or concepts. o Strategically supports key business objectives. o Develops innovative solutions, systems and products to support objectives. o Builds external alliances with customers and experts to gain and share information and industry trends. • Problem Solving: o Solves problems without precedent. o Applies thought leadership. o Shapes long-term strategic direction and reputation of SBD. o Develops integrated business solutions across business units. o Uncovers strategic issues from a scientific/technical perspective. o Creates products and/or solutions that enhance SBD’s ability to deliver services to clients. o Ensures products and services are aligned with current and future needs o Guidance: o Guided by brand and functional strategy. o Most organizational and industry standards for innovation. o Directs projects of critical importance to SBD. o Breaks new ground; changes and shapes the industry. o Analyzes long-term impact of new or anticipated strategies. o Relationships: o Contributes to SBD business and functional strategy. o Impacts SBD results, image or operational effectiveness. o Provides influence and authoritative advice at the most senior levels. o Reaches out to support and collaborate with other business functions. o Provides consultation, influence decisions, and identify and resolve critical issues. o Represents area of professional and/or technical expertise. o Experience: o 8+ years of progressive experience Data Modeling, Data Architecture, or related work to the construction of enterprise data assets. o 4+ years of experience designing and developing cloud based solutions (preferably through AWS). o 10+ years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Other: • U.S. citizen or legal right to work in the United States without sponsorship Location: Owings Mills, MD Qualifications Requires Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) or equivalent, and sixteen plus years of related network systems engineering experience. Master’s degree in Computer Science preferred. Degrees Equivalent Experience/Education Bachelor's Degree Years of Experience 16 plus years w/Bachelors Degree 13 plus years w/Masters Degree Position Type Full-Time Shift Day Overview ManTech International Corporation is comprised of approximately 7,300 talented employees who use advanced technology to help government and industry meet some of their greatest challenges around the world. We adhere to the simple, no-nonsense values on which ManTech was founded more than four decades ago, aligning squarely with the mission objectives of our customers. As our customer base continues to expand and diversify, we continue to diversify our workforce and solutions. Nearly half our employees have a military background, and approximately 70 percent hold a government security clearance. As a leading provider of innovative technology services and solutions for the nation's defense, security, health, space, and intelligence communities; we hold nearly 1,100 active contracts with more than 50 different government agencies. Apply Now Save this job Company Information ManTech was founded in 1968 to provide advanced technological services to the United States government. We began with a single contract with the U.S. Navy to develop war-gaming models for the submarine community. Over the years, our government's technology needs have increased dramatically in scope and sophistication, and we have grown to meet that challenge. 