 Skills/Experience: * Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field * Minimum 2 years experience within a financial services or reinsurance/insurance company as a data ware Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Live IT Up at Ciber Global At Ciber Global, we believe the most inspired, innovative and industrious companies should win, regardless of size or legacy. Were the small company that cares and the big company that can. We deliver breakthrough performances and powerful solutions that are anything but cookie cutter in order to give our clients the competitive advantage they deserve. Work. Ciber Global is currently seeking an experienced BI / Data Warehouse Developer in Mount Laurel, New Jersey! Role Description: Development, implementation and operation of custom data warehouse solutions, including business and systems analysis, documentation of requirements and change control, testing, and deployment responsibilities. Provide support for operational performance of the data warehouses. Oracle database administration as required for data warehouse operation, performance monitoring, user account maintenance, job scheduling and monitoring, issue tracking/resolution with vendors, and user assistance with acceptance testing. Implementation of new data warehouse environment for reinsurance business, reserving, modeling, and client reporting. Assist technical team members with development of custom queries and reports. Interact with non-technical internal business clients to understand analytical requirements. Skills/Experience: Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field Minimum 2 years experience within a financial services or reinsurance/insurance company as a data warehouse developer. 3-5 years using ODI/OWB for implementing data integration. 3+ years in RDBMS implementation and management. Strong Oracle and relational database skills required, including high proficiency with Oracle PL/SQL. 3-5 years experience in IT including broad range of hardware and software platforms. 3+ years experience with data modeling and entity design tools, e.g. Oracle SQL Data Modelergy. Experience with ETL and ELT (extract, transform, load, data quality) from multiple data sources. Experience with ETL and ELT processes performance tuning in an Oracle environment. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills with a strong customer focus. Strong self-motivating skills to complete tasks and project implementations with Lead oversight. Ability to present technical information to non-technical users and audience. Agile JIRA a plus. This position requires the successful completion of a background investigation and/or drug screen. Ciber Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Learn.Talent Services bring clients a range of staffing solutions, from a single contractor to a team of experts to help achieve their key business goals on target and within budget. Our talent sourcing model uncovers the right IT talent and aligns critical skills with client technology, culture, and expectations.Grow.Ciber Global is an IT consulting company who partners with organizations to develop technology strategies and solutions that deliver tangible business value. Founded in 1974, Ciber is an HTC Global Services company. For more information, visit www.Ciber.com. Apply Now Save this job Company Information Business solutions. Powered by Ciber. For those who never stop learning. Ciber has a career path for you. Work with people who value innovation and insight. Ciber is a place where your drive and talent can take you far. Ciber Global is an IT consulting company who partners with organizations to develop technology strategies and solutions that deliver tangible business value. Founded in 1974, Ciber is an HTC Global Services company. For more information, visit www.Ciber.com. Right size. Right resources. Unlike mega-players in the IT consulting industry, the Ciber team will base solution recommendations on what clients need, not the technology we re trying to sell. Collaboration is a keystone of our delivery approach. We align with clients, turning engagements into long-term partnerships. Exceptional delivery of IT services Ciber provides a comprehensive list of solutions. IT consulting and strategy to align information systems with your business objectives ERP, CRM and HCM systems implementations to support best practices at your organization Business intelligence, including performance and big data management, to turn data into insight Quality assurance and testing to save time and money by preventing defects Application development and management, including mobile solutions and modernization, as well as ongoing management and support Managed services for application, operation and infrastructure support that optimize your IT investments Labor Transformation delivers an outcome-based plan that shifts the labor pyramid to be more competitive in talent, capabilities and cost. Talent services, bringing you top-level IT professionals and teams for on-site staff augmentation Industry-specific expertise With Ciber, you ll get both technical expertise and industry knowledge. Most of our consultants are former practitioners in the industries they serve. We can bring you experts in the fields of communications, education, energy and utilities, finance, healthcare, hospitality, entertainment, manufacturing, public sector, as well as transportation and logistics. We understand our client’s business, and help them benefit from industry-specific best-practices and have created templates to accelerate delivery and lower costs on implementation. 