 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Data Specialists with CBP Clearance (Database, Machine Learning, Data Scientist) Full Time 000,000 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Adtech LLC will be hiring experienced and skilled Database Specialists, Data Scientists and Machine Learning experts to provide Business Intelligence Support Services to assist the U.S. Government Customs Border Patrol (CBP) officers and border enforcement personnel. The chosen candidate will look to effectively and efficiently help to provide analysis in identifying cargo, individuals, conveyances that may present additional risk to the United States. They will conduct terrorism analysis and global assessments that convey changes in terrorism threats and identify emerging threats, develop and evaluate CBP-wide intelligence-based targeting rules and intelligence driven special operations, and coordinate and enhance analysis and target efforts. 1) As a Database Specialist, the candidate for this position will provide intelligence analysis support as part of an integrated agile team that will be responsible for using, developing, maintaining, and enhance models, tools, and software for: Intelligence Analysis-Counter-terrorism-Network Analysis, Predictive Modeling, Threat Research Support, Visualization, Query Support. Ideally looking for candidates who have Business Objects reporting, OBIEE, 12c, and or Oracle experience. QUALIFYING REQUIREMENTS Gather analyst requirements, identify required data, sources, and relationships, and perform SQL, nonSQL or UIbased application data extraction to produce data sets that meet analyst's requirements. Gather analyst requirements, create, organize, and use data stores, create and use indexes, create and use data documents, and optimize the ability to query and retrieve required data Save, store, organize and retrieve in an efficient manner analytical products to support analyst's requirements. Support hardware and software installation, configuration, optimization, customization, security, and maintenance. Support a big data environment that consists of several dozen Hadoop clustered servers and several dedicated indexing servers. Support will range from ingest and Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) of external data to application of search and analytics tools. Apply predictive analytics to massive data sets (billions of rows, several hundred terabytes of data). Optimize processes for speed and accuracy. Balance resources against multiple, high priority, near realtime requests from thousands of concurrent users. Support entity resolution, search, ontology development, network visualization, and adhoc querying in the big data environment QUALIFICATIONS: Masters &amp; 1 years OR HS Degree &amp; 15 years of experience Experience using Agile techniques to design, develop, enhance, test, debug, and implement software and troubleshoot production problems. Experience with Oracle databases and structured query language (SQL). Understand Agile methodology, data services development and optimization, middle layer services, Hadoop cluster data loading, indexing, and map reduce. Experience with data services development and optimization, middle layer services, Hadoop cluster data loading, indexing, and map reduce. Experience in name matching, biometrics, role matching, corporate attributes, address matching, document matching, Geotemporal analysis, pattern of life characteristics, and fuzzy logic. Statistics experience to derive understanding from Variance, Sensitivity, and Specificity Analysis. Experience working in law enforcement or classified intelligence analysis environment. 2) Data Scientist -Machine Learning Job Duties and Responsibilities We are seeking highly-qualified data scientists to lead the development and delivery of advanced, machine learning and predictive modelling solutions. Individuals experienced with large, structured and unstructured datasets are needed to transform, analyze, and model data for more effective decision support. Many analytical approaches are needed to support current and future work, including: data mining, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution. These and many other techniques will be needed to implement risk-based targeting models of national security concern. Responsibilities: Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modeling, leveraging data analysis and analytical techniques and methods to solve complex business problems. Perform problem domain definition, including data identification and analysis. Extract, aggregate, manipulate, categorize, clean, and transform data associated within an identified problem space for use in predictive modeling. Perform exploratory data analysis and feature generation Identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets Perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction. Develop algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models using machine learning methods. Key Qualifications: Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems. Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning methods. Experience processing large-scale data sets (using Hadoop, HBase, Pig, etc.) Education: Bachelor's Degree (required), Master's or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, and other related technical fields or equivalent practical experience. Additional Desired Skills and Experience: Database and Data Management - working with large unstructured Object-oriented programming languages: Java, Scala. Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile software development environment is a plus Must have a TS/SCI or TS with ability to obtain CBP Suitability 3) Data Scientist/Modeler Job Duties and Responsibilities We are seeking highly-qualified data scientists to lead the development and delivery of advanced, machine learning and predictive modelling solutions. Individuals experienced with large, structured and unstructured datasets are needed to transform, analyze, and model data for more effective decision support. Many analytical approaches are needed to support current and future work, including: data mining, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution. These and many other techniques will be needed to implement risk-based targeting models of national security concern. Responsibilities: Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modeling, leveraging data analysis and analytical techniques and methods to solve complex business problems. Perform problem domain definition, including data identification and analysis. Extract, aggregate, manipulate, categorize, clean, and transform data associated within an identified problem space for use in predictive modeling. Perform exploratory data analysis and feature generation. Identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets Perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction. Develop algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models using machine learning methods. Key Qualifications: Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems. Proficiency in software such as: SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or equivalent. Experience with SAS, R, Python, Java, and SQL languages; or similar. Education: Bachelor's Degree (required), Master's or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, and other related technical fields or equivalent practical experience. Additional Desired Skills and Experience: Structured data sets and databases, experience with DML, DDL, PL/SQL, XML, JSON, etc. Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile software development environment is a plus. Experience with behavioral analytics and risk assessment practices within national security, law enforcement, regulatory, or transportation contexts is a plus. Must have a TS/SCI or TS with ability to obtain CBP Suitability Apply Now Save this job Posted By Eleni Aliozi 