 Java, Hadoop, Spring Full Time 170000 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The Senior Java Developer will work closely as part of the larger Application Development team with other Application Developers, Data Scientists, Business Analyst and Delivery Managers. Design, build and support applications in traditional and big data environment based on established design patterns and architectural standards. Work with other developers and Data Science team to implement descriptive analytics model meeting software development standards. Support existing applications. Perform feasibility analysis on potential future projects and presents findings to management. Qualifications Over 8+ years of experience in solutioning application architecture Strong in core Java (Collections, Concurrency, etc ) Some exposure to Python Strong understanding of Object oriented programming Excellent understanding in data structures and algorithms Understanding of JVM architecture (Java Heap, Garbage Collection, etc.) Experience with Spring, Hibernate, JPA Experience with design patterns (Singleton, Factory, Observer, etc.) Experience with git, maven, Jenkins Strong mathematical background is a plus (differential equations, Linear Algebra, probability, etc.) Experience with Numerical methods (root finding, matrix manipulation, integration, etc.) Able to communicate effectively with data science. Experience supporting trading desks is a plus. Comfortable interfacing with a diverse set of people (Quants, Data Scientists, etc.) Soft Skills (Mandatory): Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to influence and drive diverse groups of technical and non-technical engineers and executives Ability to work independently and make objective decisions independently Excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills Ability to work in a matrix managed organization Excellent team work Apply Now Save this job Posted By Christy Aborn Company Information ICS is one of the nation’s leading staffing and recruiting resources specializing in connecting talented people to the businesses who need them. With headquarters in New York and offices in Chicago, Minneapolis, Washington DC, Dallas, Atlanta, and Denver, ICS specializes in IT, Accounting and Finance, Compliance and Legal, as well as Corporate Support (HR, Admin, Customer Service) staffing through a unique recruiting model based on personal interaction and communication with hundreds of new candidates each day. At ICS we believe, and our clients and candidates agree — that technology cannot replace the real personal relationships candidates have with our recruiters. 