 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Algorithms, Analysis, C++, Data Analysis, Database, Development, GIS, Multi-threaded, PostgreSQL, Python, Release, Software Engineer, SQL, Testing, Validation, Windows Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Software Engineer - Map Data We're looking for passionate software engineers at all levels of experience, from college graduate to senior-level professional. ALK is an established leader, providing software solutions for the transportation and logistics needs of our customers. Our engineers directly shape our future and have the opportunity to influence products from day one. This role is important because our map data is at the heart of every single product we release. Keeping our road network data up to date and validating it for quality is an ongoing challenge. We're looking for driven developers who are up to the challenge. Job Description Software Engineers at ALK are responsible for designing, implementing, testing, and maintaining our software. This specific position requires maintaining and building software used for analysis, validation and enhancement of ALK's proprietary road network. Most importantly, this position requires a technically strong, analytical engineer, who has desire to 1) automate processes to make data validation and data conflation more efficient, 2) profile and optimize performance of existing processes, 3) take pride in overall product and data quality, 4) work with others, including GIS professionals, and 5) coach junior devs. Qualifications * BS in Computer Science, or similar degree * Excellent coding, debugging, and problem solving skills * Extensive professional or academic experience using C++ and/or Python * Strong understanding of relational databases and SQL * Keen ability to identify systemic problems/patterns through data analysis * Strong understanding of advanced algorithms, data structures, and data analytics * Professional or academic experience with spatial database technologies like PostgreSQL and PostGIS * Strong understanding of multi-threaded application design and implementation * Familiarity using Windows and Visual Studio for application development * Desire to automate testing in the interest of development efficiency and product quality * Experience with the Quantum GIS (QGIS) plugin development is a plus * Strong verbal and written communication skills ALK is located on Route 1 in Princeton NJ in a new office beautifully designed to support our recent and expected future growth. ALK offers great benefits such as paid healthcare, 401K, stock options, and fun perks like summer BBQs. Trimble Navigation Limited is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D Apply Now Save this job 