 Analysis, Analyst, Business Requirements, Consulting, Data Analysis, Database, Data Mining, Genetic, Hadoop, HTTP, Management, Modeling, Project, Python, Research, SQL, Supervision Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description OWN YOUR LIFE OWN YOUR CAREER OWN YOUR FIRM Our firm has achieved significant growth and is regularly recognized as a Best Place to Work both nationally and locally in our communities. We are a collaborative, entrepreneurial firm that takes pride in our people, culture, clients and work-life balance. Data Analyst Overview Data Analyst role joining our Data &amp; Analytics team. There will be a focus on data analysis, data research, and use of Azure and Google machine learning models. Working on advanced analytical projects for clients under supervision of lead data scientist Exploratory analytical work in the North Highland Insight Lab using commercial, public and private data. Rapidly develop business requirements and translating them to specific analytical design Prepare and build effective visual presentations and analytical dashboards using PowerBI and Tableau to present analytical findings Effectively communicating with the internal teams and external clients Thinking creatively and seeking innovative solutions to complex technical/business problems Qualifications BS or MS degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, engineering, etc.) or equivalent. Relevant experience may be substituted for education as appropriate. 2+ years of related work experience is ideal Analytical scripting language such as Python, SQL, R Working knowledge of relational database concepts Experience with "Big Data" environments (Hadoop and related technologies) Experience with wide array of analytical approaches (correlation analysis, predictive and explanatory modeling, data mining, unsupervised clustering, analysis of unstructured data) Experience handling large raw (i.e. pre-ETL) datasets Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills to technical and non-technical audience of wide variety of levels including senior management Ability to self-direct and manage priorities; ability to handle issues that are not well-defined and/or conflict with available information Willingness to travel to fulfill client requirements and project needs North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience , performance improvement , technology and digital , and transformation . We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide ( www.cordenceworldwide.com ), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn , Twitter and Facebook . North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status. Apply Now Save this job 