 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> "data analyst", sql, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Position Highlights: Recognized leader: Rated #1 Prepaid Wireless Provider in the U.S. Technology driven: Opportunity to work with state-of-the-art technology Teamwork: A supportive team environment that thrives on innovation. Culture: An entrepreneurial focus, where ownership and ingenuity are expected. Benefits: Excellent health benefits, Matching 401K, and education reimbursement. What you will do:This position is responsible for various analytic functions for the department- majority of these functions impact usage controls. Responsibilities include to lead full life cycle for implementation data control policies, assigning the thresholds for all the plans across all the brands and ensuring that these changes are implemented correctly and the right benefits are assigned to the subscribers. Incumbent will manage the offer catalog and work with cross functional teams to ensure the plan changes are implemented successfully by ensuring the data management is running effectively across all the systems.Responsibilities: Review and define data control requirements pertaining to new service plans and new policies. This is across 10 brands and more than 35 plans. The plans are changing very frequently to keep up with competition Update mapping tables and coordinate efforts with IT/external vendor to implement new policies and thresholds. Example- ST$45 changed from 8 GB to 10 GB. These changes occur on a bi-monthly basis. Ongoing testing and validation of business definitions by reviewing monitoring reports and usage trends. This requires coordination between various internal /external teams and carriers. The primary function of this role is: Did the threshold get applied at the right time and if the throttling is effective Determine the impact of policies/platform on the usage - this has a direct impact on the airtime cost and requires research and analysis using C. Manage and Coordinate root cause analysis of issues. Perform various types of complex analysis, Build models for business and financial analysis, conduct Financial and Business Reporting, as well as Ad-Hoc reporting requests by executive management. Manages various data and process audits. Create procedures to make sure the data control policies are working as expected Own and manage projects pertaining to usage control Lead member for department in initiating and driving changes in current business environment. These changes include data optimizer implementation, evaluation of speed test/caps, shared data usage control, capacity enhancements and version upgrades on the platform, etc. Required Experience: Bachelor's degree required, Master's degree preferred, from an accredited college in Economics, Operations research, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Finance or other mathematical intensive field. Minimum of 5 years work experience in data, business and/or technical analysis Experience solving complex business problems and reporting Experience coordinating technical initiatives with cross-functional teams Ability to work with very large Excel-based models. SQL query skills are mandatory. Project Management/coordination skills are required. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Contact 