  Data Center Cabling Rac &amp; Stack Copper Fiber CAT5E CAT6 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Team up with QTS, an industry leading international provider of data center, managed hosting and cloud services. The QTS integrated 3C portfolio is unique in the marketplace and is delivered via world-class mega data centers and personalized customer service. We transform ideas into products and services that help customers add efficiency to their IT and business operations and, in turn, deliver better service to their customers. The power of QTS' innovation happens when smart, creative people with a unified vision collaborate to break new ground, solve a problem, or create a solution to improve lives. We do this by hiring quality individuals with integrity and personal accountability who value teamwork, excellence, and proactive thinking. If you share these values and want to be part of something exciting, please contact us today! The Data Center Operations Technician (DCO Tech) is responsible for assisting customers on the Data Center floor both in person and via the telephone, performing customer equipment installs, managing tickets within the define ticketing system, communicating and escalating alerts and customer requests to systems engineers for resolution, and completing tasks pertaining to computer hardware, software or operating systems. This data center is a 24X7 operation, however this specific opening will be working Monday - Friday during day hours. On occasion Click on this link to learn more about our Data Center in Piscataway, NJ: http://www.qtsdatacenters.com/data-centers/piscataway Manage and perform all critical and non-critical processes/maintenances and participate in predictive maintenances. Monitor and control daily service ticket activity, customer calls, and service levels. Resolve technical issues with hardware, software and connectivity.Effectively communicate with management and various teams, both internal and external. Troubleshoot customer issues while maintaining agreed upon service levels for customer contact and resolution. Record, manage, and maintain accurate physical hardware inventory, including performing physical hardware audits. Perform hardware warranty / RMA requests. Coordinate deliveries and transport requests. Perform physical material packaging and shipping. Manage third party vendors within the data center to ensure compliancy, specifications and quality standards. Install/upgrade/replace/de-install servers, devices, or network components as needed. Assist with network cabling installation and removal to support infrastructure needs. Position may involve frequent typing, standing, walking, pushing, pulling, bending, reaching and lifting. Lifting requirements may range from &lt;10 lbs. - 50 lbs. on a regular basis, with heavier weights done in conjunction with other individuals or lifting aids. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Technical college degree or equivalent experience One or more years of experience working in a Data Center, NOC or similar environment Proficiency with MS Office Suite A+, industry, and Copper/Fiber installation certifications (if not secured, will need to complete within 1st year of employment) PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS BOD OEM (Panduit, Corning), Network+, BICSI Installer I Certifications KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES The ability to pass job-related skills assessments based on pre-determined scoring criteria and time frames. The ability to acquire and apply job-related knowledge within set guidelines and expectations. Ability to manage complex situations during off management hours - single point of contact Apply Now Save this job Posted By QTS Data Centers 