 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Data Collection, Environmental, Management, Quality Assurance, Research, Scientific Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Requisition Number 17-0096 Post Date 11/26/2017 Title Intlnl Ocean Data Specialist City Asheville State NC Description INNOVIM LLC is seeking an International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmospheric Data Set (ICOADS) Specialist to support a proposed contract providing Program Management Office (PMO) leadership for the National Centers for Environmental Information (NCEI) in Asheville, NC. This will be a key leadership position in the effort to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA’s) ability to host and provide access to one of the most significant archives on Earth, with comprehensive oceanic, atmospheric, and geophysical data, products, and services. NCEI is the Nation’s leading authority for historical environmental information. INNOVIM currently provides a broad range of scientific, engineering and IT services to NOAA. The proposed International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmospheric Data Set (ICOADS) Specialist is significant to the NCEI mission because it provides unique skills in both data management and international coordination to maintain NCEI commitments to support operations of ICOADS. This position directly supports and is active within International Committees. Requirements • requisite abilities and experience in ingest, quality control and management of marine observational datasets from worldwide ocean surface observations • knowledge of coordinating activities for acquisition, processing, quality assurance and control, archiving, product generation and dissemination of surface marine data and products including surface marine data standards and the systems designed to document • manage the flow of information from international observing platforms and data collection centers. • Minimum of eight years of relevant experience, with up to sixteen years total relevant experience. • Advanced degrees from an accredited institution and/or professional credentials from a recognized entity may be cumulatively tallied and substituted for experience. • Familiarity and knowledge of the full spectrum of climatic, oceanographic, coastal, and geophysical products and services which various NOAA Data Centers delivers to the public and private industry users who utilize this data for awareness, research, and decision making. This position description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by an employee assigned to this position. This description is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, knowledge, skills, abilities and working conditions associated with this position. INNOVIM offers competitive compensation packages including comprehensive medical/dental/life insurance, matching 401(k) contribution and Educational support. INNOVIM does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of INNOVIM and INNOVIM will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. #Di Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) Apply Now Save this job 