 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Description:We believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.Our Opportunity:The Managing Director of Data Management Integration will lead the implementation of data management practices within the software development lifecycle for Global Data Technology and partner teams across Schwab Technology Services. This role is critical to shaping and implementing the best practices around data management towards improved usability, project delivery and data governance. You will have your fingerprints on how metadata, lineage and traceability, master data, and reference data create value during project delivery through data utilization as part of business operations and analytics. What you’ll do:Utilizing Data ArtefactsDefine and develop the best practices of data management, and those artefacts associated, to effectively capture and take action on with the business as implemented for both, operational and analytic, solutions.Lead the collection and documentation of metadata, lineage, and other data management output in their respective repositories.Thinking Beyond Best PracticesLead the data program in standing up a centralized set of processes, achieving critical mass, and bring that ROI in data management to true scalability and usability with the business through implementation across centralized and federated solutions.Building a FollowershipEmpower people across Global Data Technology to highlight data inefficiencies and areas for improvement. This includes monitoring and recommending improvements to operational process while contributing to the overall team maturity.What you have:Professional Experience / Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in a technology disciple or equivalent experience 10+ years in data management which should include enterprise data/object modeling, metadata, data quality, master data management, data lineage, and data warehousing. 3+ years defining and championing data management within a line of business. A robust level of exposure with data governance in a regulated environment such as financial services, and a familiarity with regulations such as CCAR, Basel, SOX. Strong organizational, process management, critical thinking, facilitation capabilities and the interpersonal skills necessary to assess complex problems, analyze options, navigate diverse perspectives and objectives Experience with Agile Delivery in a multi-disciplinary, matrix environment Strong work ethic, positive demeanor, and drive to see projects through to successful completion. Assertive and proactive and have the ability to bring out the best in others Success FactorsWithin the first 12 months, the Managing Director of Data Management Integration will: Begin to incorporate data management as a core part of the data and application project delivery model. Harmonize multiple repositories with a consistent level of data management. Formulate new opinions on approaches to the relationship with data and compliance in the context of application data and Big Data. Leadership Attributes / Culture Purpose driven, ability to execute A desire for curiosity and creativity Customer orientation / focus Courage, ability to understand and take measured risks Ability to inspire others, build followership Emotional intelligence, collaboration, collective thinking What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab.Charles Schwab &amp; Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Other Specialty Engineering-2-5 yrs Position Located In: TX - Austin Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Information TechnologyActivation Date: Tuesday, November 7, 2017Expiration Date: Thursday, February 8, 2018Apply Here Apply Now Save this job Company Information The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) has been a leader in financial services for more than three decades. Through advocacy and innovation, the company has worked to make investing more affordable, more accessible and more understandable to all. Today, Schwab meets the needs of individual and institutional clients through two operating segments: Investor Services helps individuals with brokerage, banking, insurance and other financial services. Clients have easy access online, by phone or at a local Schwab branch. Institutional Services provides dedicated support for independent investment advisors, employers and third-party benefit plan administrators. More information is available at www.schwab.com and www.aboutschwab.com. Who We Hire: Schwab hires people at all levels of experience who have the desire, drive and creativity to help our clients be financially fit. We actively recruit for a variety of roles, including financial consultants, registered brokers and trainees, client service specialists and portfolio consultants. In addition, we offer challenging careers in technology, sales, marketing and other areas of business support. 