 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Scala, Spark, Big Data, Java Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Product Engineer TISTA Science and Technology Corporation, a CMMI Maturity Level 3 company, focuses on delivering information technology (IT) and professional services to Federal and State agencies. TISTA is an Inc. 500 company, a recipient of the 2010 Top 100 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Businesses from Diversity Business, recognized in Washington Technology’s FAST 50 list of the fastest growing small businesses in government contracting in 2012 &amp; 2013, recognized as the Top 25 Fastest Growing Small Technology companies by the Washington Business Journal in 2014 &amp; 2015, and selected as the Veteran Owned Company of the Year in 2014 by the Montgomery County MD Dept. of Economic Development. Job Description: Product Engineers at TISTA take the lead on identifying user needs, finding solutions, and taking our products from concept to launch and beyond. This individual will work closely with User Experience and Engineering and coordinate planning for new products. Data/Project Engineers should thrive in ambiguous situations, manage chaos with a sense of humor, and have a bias towards action that is quantitative, data‐driven, and purposeful. In this role, you will be working closely with a team of engineers, designers, data scientists and analysts to develop and scale your project’s data infrastructure. Requirements: 5+ years in a related field Experience successfully launching software products Possess data processing pipeline experience using recent technologies, such as Apache Nifi, Spark, R, Scala, Hadoop, etc. Technical fluency in data processing, analytics and BI tools Demonstrated ability to understand automated testing concepts and ability to consistently apply those concepts Knowledge of database fundamentals for large scale, analysis-heavy databases Exceptional communication and listening skills, with the ability to break down problems and generate shared understanding across technical and non-technical audiences Ability to listen to customers and users and translate their feedback into product features Ability to prioritize competing demands across multiple stakeholders and work with ambiguity Strong track record of creative problem solving and overcoming challenges Strong design instincts Hands-on software engineering experience Strong quantitative background, with experience in data science or working with teams of data scientists Experience in enterprise software or healthcare-related domains. Education: Bachelor’s Degree in related field of study; experience is accepted in lieu of degree Location: Rockville, MD Equal Opportunity Statement TISTA is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Apply Now Save this job Posted By 1201 Seven Locks Rd Rockville, MD, 20854 