  RDMS, data visualization, Sybase, DB2, UDB, Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL, database management, BI Full Time Salaried Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description SUMMARYThe IT Data Analyst performs as the subject matter expert for RDMS, data visualization, BI reporting and other analytics. Participates in planning, analyzing, designing, and implementing databases supporting operational reporting and business applications. RESPONSIBILITIES Designs, develops and implements business BI reports, Dashboards or Analytics. Analyzes data architecture and source requirements and deliver optimized ETL processes. Assists the business organization to define operational reports, dashboards and data analytics requirements. Mentors and assists junior data analyst staff with understanding the data warehouse architecture, data sources, SQL scripts, high volume processing efficiencies, ETL processes and reporting designs. Provides fourth level on-call support advice and technical support to engineers and analysts regarding operational and application issues. Fosters and establishes the daily processes and procedures for maintaining all database platforms ensuring continuous operations and availability. Influences data warehouse strategies based on understanding of business rules and typical business questions. Works closely with Sr Data Analyst to define data warehouse strategy based on CRISP-DM phases. Develops and maintains the RDMS life cycle strategy to ensure continued support and availability throughout business growth. Defines standards and best practices for database, integration, BI reporting and data analytics REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's Degree preferred or 2 years of related college and related work experience Five to eight years of experience working with relational database management systems. Work experience should include BI development background. Familiarity with iSeries platform and Windows. Experience with any of the following RDBMS platforms: Sybase, DB2, UDB, Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL. Hands-on development with data visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI or Datazen. Scripting &amp; programming skills a plus. Solid competencies in planning, organization time management, written &amp; oral communication, basic understanding of business operations. The Comporium team is dedicated to meeting the communications needs of each customer and to provide unsurpassed value. As an employee, your contributions can have a valuable impact and your presence can make a difference! Comporium has and always will be a company that stays in front of the evolution of technology in the communications industry. Our culture is one that encourages a commitment to excellence and innovation. Join a team who is enhancing its community's ability to take advantage of new growth in local markets, while developing opportunities for our team members to grow and excel. Work and live in areas where the weather is great, the cost of living is affordable, the recreational activities are endless, Gigabit Internet speeds are far-reaching, and the people are the friendliest in the world! Equal Opportunity Employer/Contractor. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Anicia Stevenson Rock Hill, SC, 29730 Contact 