  Data Architect with Pharma Sales and Operations experience Full Time, C2H Independent Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description ** We are unable to sponsor at this time, US citizens only may apply ** Data Architect Location – Bay Area, CA Data Architect with Pharma Sales and Operations experience mandatory his are the skills which are required - Worked with the following data sources 1. IMS Health 2. Veeva CRM (This is where they store Sales Call Logs) 3. Incentive Compensation 4. Sales Data 5. Distribution Key Accountabilities/Core Job Responsibilities: Lead/participate in the IT development of Business Intelligence solutions to meet the needs of the Commercial Organization (Sales, Sales Operations, Market Access, Marketing) Carry out data modeling, including evolution from conceptual to physical models using a tool like ERWIN Define data profiling and analysis criteria and development of data quality metrics Define and implement error and exception handling strategies Establish criteria for integration &amp; user testing Handle Change Management, Release Management and Source Code control practices Lead multi-component, cross-functional programs of high-complexity Establish, enhance and communicate technical guidelines and best practices for the application and integration development team Self-starter, ‘can-do’ attitude a must in fast-moving business environment and willing to make a difference! Requirement: 10+ years of experience and proven capabilities in the application architecture development environment as EDW architect/lead Mandatory: At least 2-4 years of hands-on functional and technical experience as an Architect on building out Commercial EDW platform Knowledge of Data Warehousing Principles, Master Data Management, and Data Governance. Strong knowledge of ETL, SQL &amp; PL/SQL skills and experience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server) Strong knowledge of processes &amp; data related to Sales, Sales Operations, Marketing, Market Access etc. (e.g. Direct Sales, Self-Dispensing Pharmacy, Competitor Sales, Prescription, Shipment, Distribution Channel, CRM, Incentive Program, Physician Affiliations, Pricing decisions, Payer contracts, Speaker Program, etc.). Strong knowledge of applications related to Commercial organization (e.g. IMS, SPP, SD, Direct Sales, Self-Dispensing Pharmacy, Shipment, Veeva, Speaker Program, SAS, etc.).Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience Extensive Business and/or technical background in the areas of Data modeling, EDW, Data Mart, Master Data Management, Meta data management, Data Quality, Data Governance, Data integration (ETL) and Data Security Experience with Data Implementation methodologies and best practices (e.g. waterfall, agile, other)​ Apply Now Save this job Posted By 90 Woodbridge Center Drive, Suite #380 Woodbridge, NJ, 07095 