 sql AND etl Contract W2, 2 year plus Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Description This is an outstanding 2 year contract opportunity with our client, a well-respected market leader, located near Washington Square Mall in Beaverton. The Senior Production Data Analyst (Senior DA) is a SQL and ETL expert, able to quickly and accurately develop complex database queries, scripts, tools, and methods to manage data according to client requirements. The Senior DA has a thorough understanding of and experience with relational databases, SQL programming, complex ETL, complex data structures, SDLC and related tools and practices, and is able to design and develop complete, effective solutions. May design and document solutions which other analysts code and implement. Serves as a knowledgeable resource and mentor to less experienced analysts. The Senior DA participates in developing and documenting technical standards, guidelines, templates, patterns – best practices – and reviews designs and code for compliance. Job Responsibilities Design, build, and maintain complex ETL procedures and solutions according to client requirements. Participate in definition and application of departmental best practices – technical standards, processes, templates, patterns, SDLC, etc. Create and maintain technical and system documentation. Provide technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced analysts. Troubleshoot and solve database performance issues, programs returning incorrect or unexpected results, difficult design or programming problems. Conduct design reviews and code reviews to ensure departmental standards are maintained and enforced. Interact and correspond professionally with team members, project management, clients, and other stakeholders. Account for and accurately log time against project work. Required Qualifications BS Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. 5+ years hands-on experience as developer with MS SQL Server, 2008 R2 or higher. 2+ years SSIS or other ETL tool experience developing and supporting complex ETL procedures. Expert understanding of relational database concepts, tools, performance, techniques, industry standards and best practices. Strong design and coding skills; demonstrated ability to develop and support complex, mission-critical database systems. Experience evaluating and improving database performance. Strong problem-solving and analysis skills. Ability to work in an environment with deadlines and shifting priorities. Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing; able to adjust for intended audience. Fluency in English. Prefer broad knowledge of or background in software development and data tools, such as: .Net, object oriented programming languages, SSRS, SSAS, BI, data warehousing, data visualization tools, etc. THIS POSITION IS OPEN TO W-2 CANDIDATES ONLY. NO THIRD PARTIES PLEASE. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Sukhi Kaur 4800 SW Meadows Road, Suite 300 Lake Oswego, OR, 97035 