 engineer automation, orchestration, infrastructure, backup, disaster recovery, Hybrid Cloud, AWS, VCP, CCIE, CCBP, DCI, Paas, Iaas, Saas Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description NexGen Data Systems is seeking a Data Center Architect who will design and implement compute, network, storage, security, and services to deliver cloud-based virtualized multitenant services (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) in both Private Cloud, Public Cloud, and Hybrid Cloud environments. This candidate will have a strong understanding of data center design concepts and subsystems (i.e. server, network, storage, security, I/O consolidation, WAN access, DCI, disaster recovery, automation, orchestration, monitoring, and virtualized L3-7 services) as they relate to integrating and operating geographically dispersed data centers. Certifications such as CCNP or CCIE (Data Center, Routing &amp; Switching, or Security) and VCP-DCV, VCP-DCV, VCIX-DCV are desired, but not required. The candidate will join a team of Senior Architects, Engineers, and Operators and work in a collaborative multi-functional team environment supporting multiple mission-critical data center sites. Job Responsibilities: Engineer (i.e. evaluate options, develop detailed designs, test, and support implementation) data center infrastructure (compute, storage, network, WAN access, DCI, etc.) and advanced services (HPC, IaaS, VDI, etc.) designs across geographically dispersed data centers Engineer automation and orchestration of server, network, storage, and L3-7 service provisioning Engineering advanced monitoring services Engineer enterprise-wide backup/disaster recovery solutions for x86 and SPARC platforms Engineer secure Hybrid Cloud solutions between DoD data centers and commercial clouds (e.g. AWS) Work with application owners and infrastructure team members to develop operational policies procedures, standards, and guidelines based on best practices and compliance requirements Participate in the development and maintenance of system documentation lifecycle Develop and apply data center design concepts and subsystems (i.e. server, network, storage, security, I/O consolidation, WAN access, DCI, disaster recovery, automation, orchestration, monitoring, and virtualized L3-7 services) as they relate to integrating and operating geographically dispersed data centers Utilize platforms such as Cisco UCS servers, VMware vSphere, Unix/Linux (HP-UX, RHEL, Oracle Solaris), VDI (Citrix and VMware), Cisco ASR series routers, Cisco Nexus series switches, Cisco MDS series Multilayer switches, EMC VNX, Citrix Load Balancers Cisco ASA Firewall/VPN security appliances, McAfee Firewall/IPS appliances, and other typical network/security platforms in data center environments. Execute Disaster Recovery (DR) solutions utilizing VMware SRM, Oracle OEM, EMC Data Domains, and EMC RecoverPoint Job Qualifications: 10+ years of IT experience plus a BS degree required 5+ years of experience working network, and storage systems required 2+ years of experience working with compute virtualization technologies such as VMware vSphere, or Oracle VM Server required 4+ years of experience working with HPC or virtualized multitenant data center environments strongly desired 2+ years of experience with enterprise data center automation and orchestration solutions such as, Cisco UCS Director, Cisco PNSC, Cisco IAC, VMware vRealize Orchestration (vCenter Orchestrator), VMware vCenter SRM, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Puppet, Chef, BMC BladeLogic, etc. is desired Experience with Cisco ASR 1000 series routers, Cisco ASA 5500/5500-X security appliances, and Cisco Nexus 7000/5000/2000 series switches required Experience with designing virtualized L3-7 Services using platforms such as Cisco ASAv, Cisco VSG, Cisco CSR, Cisco vNAM, Citrix NetScaler 1000V, and VMware NSX is desired Experience with Cisco Catalyst 6500 series switches (with FSMs and IDS modules) series are a plus Experience with VMware 5.x/6.x hypervisor platforms running vDS or Nexus 1000V is required Experience with storage, backup, and disaster recovery solutions using platforms such as EMC VNX, EMC DataDomains, EMC Avamar, VMware SRM, environments is strongly desired Experience with VDI (Citrix or VMware) environments is desired Strong written and oral communication skills Ability to work cooperatively in a multi-functional team environment (team player) Experience with VMware virtualization and/or other hypervisor platforms Experience scripting in PowerShell/Python/Pearl/XML languages is a plus Other requirements: A strong sense of urgency including self-governance on task priority Eagerness to learn with a quality, detailed-focus is essential Ability to collaborate with awareness and responsiveness to customer needs Commitment to continuous development and improvement Must meet the requirements to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance Ability to attain and maintain a United States Department of Defense security clearance 8570.01m compliance (IAT level II) is required and must be obtained prior to start date or within 60 days (Minimum Security+ and DB certification) Excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills Travel as required About the Company NexGen Data Systems is an emerging technologies focused company providing expert systems and network engineering solutions to the Department of Defense. NexGen Data Systems promotes a culture of knowledge and career advancement through continued learning, keeping our team current on the latest advances in systems and networking, and enabling our team to provide the best available solutions to our clients. Benefits: Company covers 100% of premiums for the employee’s medical, dental, and vision insurance and subsidizes 50% of premiums for spouse and dependents. 401(k) match up to 10% of the employee’s salary contributions to 401(K) plan. Company supplied educational books, resources, and 100% of certification test costs. 10 paid holidays and 15 days of paid time off (PTO). NOTE: US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. In order to be qualified for this position, you must be able to obtain and maintain a United States Department of Defense (DoD) security clearance. We are unable to sponsor Visas at this time. NexGen Data Systems provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Natalie Gregg 205 Saint James Ave Suite 2, PMB 310 Goose Creek, SC, 29445 