 Algorithms, Analysis, Developer, Java, JavaScript, Management, Programming, Research, Solr Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Requisition Number: 62628 Bloomberg Law (BLAW) provides users with fast access to legal content and analysis, practice tools, company information and market intelligence through advanced search &amp; analytic capabilities. We are committed to changing the way legal professionals conduct their day-to-day tasks by automating research and providing analytical solutions to help them get real-time answers and better serve their clients. As part of the Data Management Systems Core Team, you will be responsible for building the core inner workings of the Bloomberg Law data platform to help us support all data ingestion and ETL for our client facing products. You will face challenges such as processing high volume data sets in near real time, while providing transparency and discoverability of all data processed. You will use tools such as Solr, Kafka, and Ceph. We'll trust you to: Build and support a distributed platform supporting all Bloomberg Law data Evaluate new technology to be integrated into our platform Take risks. Our fast paced environment will require you to rise to the challenge and strive to exceed expectations You'll need to have: 3+ years of industry experience programming in Java A solid understanding of data structures, algorithms and object-oriented design concepts Experience with concurrent programming and distributed systems Experience with system design We'd love to see: Experience building data and ETL pipelines Experience with Solr, Kafka, and Ceph Experience with Angular2, React, JavaScript Date: Wed, 11 10 2017 00:00:00 GMT Department: Software Developer/Engineering Apply Now Save this job Company Information Bloomberg is a company dedicated to helping solve complex challenges through insight and information. Our strength quickly and accurately delivering data, news and analytics through technology is at the core of everything we do. With over 19,000 employees in 192 locations, we give influential decision makers in business, finance and government a competitive edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of news, people and ideas. To do so, we need constant energy and innovation which is where you come in. At Bloomberg, you will have the opportunity to take risks and be part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures and pushing the boundaries. Our ever-expanding technology, data, news and media services afford employees the opportunity to expand skills and connect with smart, driven colleagues from a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. We're looking for dynamic, multi-talented people who have a desire to thrive in a forward-thinking culture and a business with global impact. Are you ready to make your mark? Learn more about our businesses and opportunities at bloomberg.com/careers. 