 Algorithms, Bash, Developer, Hadoop, JavaScript, Libraries, NoSQL, Programming, Python Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Requisition Number: 59225 Our team: At Bloomberg, everything moves at the speed of light, including our employees. And Bloomberg is the fastest provider of market data, financial news and electronic trades in an industry where every second counts. As the Engineering Technical Operations team, we develop systems that manage data distribution across Bloomberg's private network, help the Operations department in troubleshooting client issues, &amp; make employees across Bloomberg more efficient. As a data scientist on our team, you will analyze the data we collect about our network &amp; clients to suggest innovative features &amp; improve the client experience. You will have a unique opportunity to work with product and engineering teams across Bloomberg and devise customized solutions based on their unique needs. You'll play a key role on the Engineering - Technical Operations team and you will also be part of larger Data Science and Machine Learning community at Bloomberg where you can share your valuable experiences and ideas. We'll trust you to: Collaborate with business and engineering teams across the company to translate business problems into data-driven solutions- Write reusable code to transform raw data into actionable insight Be self-motivated and thrive in a fast-paced environment You need to have: Demonstrated success in applying statistical concepts to business problems- Expert at correctly processing and manipulating large and complex datasets 3+ years of professional experience programming in Python or R to solve data analytics problems Experience with distributed data stores (Hadoop/S3) Detail oriented and analytical approach to data Self-driven attitude to find new opportunities to increase system performance We'd love to see: Familiarity with Spark Experience with Docker/Kubernetes, bash scripting, and Splunk Familiarity with Machine Learning algorithms &amp; concepts Professional experience with JavaScript, especially data visualization libraries Experience working in both NoSQL and relational databases Date: Wed, 28 06 2017 00:00:00 GMT Department: Software Developer/Engineering Apply Now Save this job Company Information Bloomberg is a company dedicated to helping solve complex challenges through insight and information. Our strength quickly and accurately delivering data, news and analytics through technology is at the core of everything we do. With over 19,000 employees in 192 locations, we give influential decision makers in business, finance and government a competitive edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of news, people and ideas. To do so, we need constant energy and innovation which is where you come in. At Bloomberg, you will have the opportunity to take risks and be part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures and pushing the boundaries. Our ever-expanding technology, data, news and media services afford employees the opportunity to expand skills and connect with smart, driven colleagues from a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. We're looking for dynamic, multi-talented people who have a desire to thrive in a forward-thinking culture and a business with global impact. Are you ready to make your mark? Learn more about our businesses and opportunities at bloomberg.com/careers. 