 PLSQL, ESP, Data Modeling, Oracle 11g, SQL, PL/SQL, Performance Tuning, Unix, Autosys, Data Warehouse Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2 Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description My Name is Janardhan and I’m from the Talent Acquisition Division at Torque Technologies LLC. Torque Technologies is a leading IT Service provider and Global Innovation partner based in 3 Locations. We Emphasize Long-Term Commitment and combines global reach and local intimacy to provide premier professional services to our Clients &amp; Vendors. I’m currently seeking a ESP Developer to join one of our clients in Boston, MA. The job description’s can be found below for your review. Please note that the resume will not be submitted to the client until we have discussed your Consultants background. Click here to Apply This is a Corp - Corp (C2C) role. ESP Developer with PLSQL, ESP, Data Modeling Exp. Boston, MA 12 months Start Date Immediate Must Have: Strong PL/SQL with Data modeling/Warehouse experience Perform data modeling and implement the business rules using Oracle database objects and ESP Framework. Oracle 11g, SQL, PL/SQL, Performance Tuning, Unix, Autosys, Data Warehouse Experience, Data Modeling. 8 to 12 years of experience Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. An E-Verified Company Janardhan Giduthuri Sr Recruiter Torque Technologies LLC p: 919-234-7558 | f: 203-547-6447 482 Summer Street, Suite 4, Stamford, CT 06901 Click here to Apply Torque Technologies LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. We respect your Online Privacy. This is not an unsolicited mail. Under Bills 1618 Title III passed by the 105th U. S. Congress this mail cannot be considered Spam as long as we include Contact information and a method to be removed from our mailing list. If you are not interested in receiving our E-mails then please reply with a "remove" in the subject line and mention all the E-mail addresses to be removed with any E-mail addresses which might be diverting the E-mails to you. I am sorry for the inconvenience Apply Now Save this job Posted By SaiKiran Sudani 482 Summer Street, Suite 4 Stamford, CT, 06901 Contact 