 Apache, Architecture, Database, Data Modeling, DB2, Developer, Development, Hadoop, HTTP, Java, Linux, Modeling, MySQL, mysql, NoSQL, Oracle, SSL, Surveillance, Testing Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Requisition Number: 59316 You've seen the headlines. Financial firms are fined millions of dollars when just one employee does something they shouldn't. It can be as serious as insider trading or as seemingly innocent as an inappropriate instant message. Keeping track of who is saying, doing, and trading what is a pretty daunting task for compliance officers, especially with the explosion in the volume and variety of data produced by communications platforms. Our team: The Front Office team is building a brand new administration system for Compliance &amp; Directory's record keeping &amp; surveillance enterprise clients. This system will serve as a critical backbone to operational efficiency, allowing our clients to easily manage services, monitor usage, register users, and configure permissions. Our new solution will significantly mitigate the risk of human error and help us and our clients sleep better at night. We use Java and Scala over Play Framework to implement REST services for our web apps and terminal apps. We run data intensive jobs on Vault's large compute platform on top of Apache Mesos and Hadoop. Our existing data silo leverages Oracle, MySQL, and DB2 among other technologies We'll trust you to: Collaborate with Compliance &amp; Directory engineering teams and product managers to define the vision and deliver the product Continuously champion efficiency improvements in our team via automation, tools, and better technologies Contribute to the architecture, implementation quality, and overall efficiency Mentor other team members and contribute to growing high performance engineering team You need to have: 3+ years of Software Systems development in Java, Scala, or other JVM-based language on Linux platform Strong grasp of data modeling and using relational database technologies (e.g. oracle, DB2, MySQL) Experience designing robust and modular data interface layer and integrating it with multiple downstream systems and applications Experience implementing scalable data processing (e.g. calculations, data migrations, reports) using caches, schedulers, and highly concurrent frameworks We'd love to see: NoSQL and Hadoop experience (i.e. Hbase, Cassandra, Parquet) Experience defining architecture and implementing backbone systems of enterprise configuration, user permissions, authentication, and auditing Experience with continuous integration, load testing, canary testing, and test automation Experience with HTTP, REST, SSL, identity authentication Date: Wed, 05 07 2017 00:00:00 GMT Department: Software Developer/Engineering Apply Now Save this job Company Information Bloomberg is a company dedicated to helping solve complex challenges through insight and information. Our strength quickly and accurately delivering data, news and analytics through technology is at the core of everything we do. With over 19,000 employees in 192 locations, we give influential decision makers in business, finance and government a competitive edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of news, people and ideas. To do so, we need constant energy and innovation which is where you come in. At Bloomberg, you will have the opportunity to take risks and be part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures and pushing the boundaries. Our ever-expanding technology, data, news and media services afford employees the opportunity to expand skills and connect with smart, driven colleagues from a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. We're looking for dynamic, multi-talented people who have a desire to thrive in a forward-thinking culture and a business with global impact. Are you ready to make your mark? Learn more about our businesses and opportunities at bloomberg.com/careers. 