 Agile, Algorithms, Architecture, Developer, Development, Hadoop, Java, Programming, Research Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Requisition Number: 57690 Bloomberg's application teams face challenges of large-scale data storage, low-latency retrievals, high-volume requests and high availability over a distributed environment. We are creating standardized solutions to these problems by building core services and technology frameworks for enterprise-wide use. Who we are: Data Snapshot is an initiative to provide an enterprise-wide standardized view of Bloomberg's financial data sets. This high-performance, low-latency, and scalable platform will enable cross domain analytics across data sets and aid the discoverability of new data sets. It will also significantly reduce the operational complexity and scalability requirements of many platforms and products that require financial data across the enterprise. In short, the platform will revolutionize the way Bloomberg manages and applies complex analytics on disparate financial data sets. Our small agile-driven team works extensively with technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem including HBase and Hadoop to provide a distributed acquisition, storage and retrieval solution with a focus on high availability, stability and performance. We envision upcoming features to expose a scalable streaming platform to react faster to data updates, ensure data integrity under tight SLAs and support new functionality currently constrained by existing technology. We are looking for an experienced Java developer with a distributed systems background to own and help drive our challenging vision: Provide dependable and comprehensive access to Bloomberg's financial data sets enterprise-wide. What's in it for you: As a member of our team, you'll have the opportunity to make key technical decisions to influence the architecture, processes, best practices and direction of this initiative to fulfill our vision. You will be responsible for the research, development and stability of this critical platform and its impact on client success. You'll be able to work with other experienced developers building core services and technology to support Bloomberg in a future of ever expanding datasets and client requirements. We'll trust you to: Design and advocate for innovative solutions to the complex challenges of a distributed acquisition, storage and retrieval platform. Incorporate and adapt multiple technologies to help reach our goals of enterprise-wide usage and support for data-in-motion. Understand and enforce the right balance between innovation, experimentation, and delivering completed features to production in a timely manner. Work effectively in a small, adaptable, agile team focused on client success. You need to have: 5+ years of experience programming enterprise solutions in Java. Excellent understanding of algorithms, data structures, object-oriented design and multi-threading. Stellar problem solving and communication skills, and the ability to thrive in a highly collaborative and dynamic work environment. Experience with low-latency, high-volume, and high-availability distributed systems. We'd love to see: Deep knowledge of Hadoop MapReduce, HBase, and other Hadoop ecosystem technologies. Experience working in an agile and test-driven development environment. Knowledge of Spring, Spring Boot Date: Wed, 22 03 2017 00:00:00 GMT Department: Software Developer/Engineering Apply Now Save this job Company Information Bloomberg is a company dedicated to helping solve complex challenges through insight and information. Our strength quickly and accurately delivering data, news and analytics through technology is at the core of everything we do. With over 19,000 employees in 192 locations, we give influential decision makers in business, finance and government a competitive edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of news, people and ideas. To do so, we need constant energy and innovation which is where you come in. At Bloomberg, you will have the opportunity to take risks and be part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures and pushing the boundaries. Our ever-expanding technology, data, news and media services afford employees the opportunity to expand skills and connect with smart, driven colleagues from a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. We're looking for dynamic, multi-talented people who have a desire to thrive in a forward-thinking culture and a business with global impact. Are you ready to make your mark? Learn more about our businesses and opportunities at bloomberg.com/careers. 