 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> relational database modeling, architecting data solutions, dimensional modeling, data warehousing, ERWIN, project leadership, SQL, OLAP Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Note: this is a FTE/Perm position in Las Vegas, NV. US Based candidates with valid work permit only. Sorry, no H1Bs, Contractors, 1099 or Agency Resumes. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS The Senior Data Architect is a key member of the Data Engineering team responsible for managing the flow of data between the various source systems, the data integration platform, and business intelligence applications, across the enterprise. This position will develop data models including dimensional models for analytics and reporting, address data migration issues, formulate plans for data governance and data lineage, enhance metadata, and serve as the technical data steward for enterprise data. The Senior Data Architect will be responsible for ensuring data quality and optimal data movement from a holistic perspective across all subject areas, projects, and system implementations as a representative of the Data Engineering team. Responsibilities include, but may not be limited to the following: Create data models and supplemental documentation for the existing Data Warehouse platform and ongoing for all new implementations Contribute to the development of an Enterprise Logical Data Model from which the EDW logical and physical data models would be developed Provide suggestions for improving performance, data integrity, and system quality Work closely with the Business Intelligence team to create enhanced data models for dimensional design as required by tools such as MicroStrategy, Tableau, and Power BI. Devise standards to be implemented within the Data Warehouse environment for database consistency while reducing redundancy and increasing integrity Participate on project teams to ensure the end to end vision of data movement is optimized and results in the highest quality of data for operational and analytical use Serve as the data expert across all subject areas stored in the data integration platform Provide oversight to ensure that the needs of the Data Engineering team is represented in all cross-functional projects Work closely with the ETL architects and programmers to ensure database objects are adhering to standards Perform design reviews for all modifications and additions to the existing data warehouse Provide expertise in the area of Data Governance and Data Lineage Document data flow between systems and ensure accuracy Conform data as necessary to integrate data from multiple systems Mentor others in proper data modeling and best practices Lead or direct the work of others Rarely requires guidance, even on most complex systems analysis KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Required 7+ years work experience in physical and logical relational database modeling is required. 7+ years work experience in architecting data solutions is required. 6+ years work experience in dimensional modeling is required. 6+ years work experience with data warehousing is required. 6+ years work experience with a data modeling tool such as ERWIN is required. 3+ years work experience with project leadership is required. Extensive knowledge of database uses and design is required. Expert level ability to understand and write Structured Query Language (SQL) is required. Understanding of OLAP, ROLAP, and MOLAP concepts is required. Exposure to agile data architectures, logical data lakes and logical data warehouses is required Ability to design by leveraging business, technical and economic drivers is required Experience in leveraging data to enable business transformations is required Preferred Experience with a Data Governance tool such as IBM Information Governance Catalog is preferred. Experience with Business Intelligence tools such as MicroStrategy, Cognos, Tableau, and Power BI is preferred. Experience with Teradata and Teradata Utilities is preferred. Knowledge of both UNIX and Windows operating systems is preferred. Soft Skills An inquisitive mindset Ability to abstract general principles from specific requirements Strong communication and relationship management skills EDUCATION Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or technical training equivalent Apply Now Save this job Posted By Cindy Zhang 1 Caesars Palace Las Vegas, NV, 89119 Contact 