 Algorithms, C++, C#, Developer, Development, Java, Protocols, Software Engineer, Unix Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Requisition Number: 62954 Real time market data is at the core of Bloomberg's business, and our team develops the software which provides it. Our feed handlers directly consume real time market data from hundreds of exchanges and financial institutions around the world and translate it into normalized streams. The data we provide is consumed by applications across the Bloomberg platform and ultimately used by clients making the decisions that drive financial markets. Performance and reliability are key features of our software. Our goal is to be the most comprehensive and reliable source of financial data in the world. As a member of our team, you will immediately begin delivering software which has an impact on the company and our clients. You will collaborate with business units and other development teams to drive projects dealing with data across all asset classes. You will work on a variety of short and long term projects, both to address business needs and to continually improve our infrastructure. Join us to make a difference. You'll need to have: 3+ years of software development experience Hands on experience with C++ or similar object oriented languages such as C# or Java Strong computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms Excellent communication and collaboration skills We'd love to see: Experience developing on Unix based platforms Experience with network protocols such as TCP, UDP and Multicast Knowledge of market data systems If this sounds like you, apply! Date: Wed, 25 10 2017 00:00:00 GMT Department: Software Developer/Engineering Apply Now Save this job Company Information Bloomberg is a company dedicated to helping solve complex challenges through insight and information. Our strength quickly and accurately delivering data, news and analytics through technology is at the core of everything we do. With over 19,000 employees in 192 locations, we give influential decision makers in business, finance and government a competitive edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of news, people and ideas. To do so, we need constant energy and innovation which is where you come in. At Bloomberg, you will have the opportunity to take risks and be part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures and pushing the boundaries. Our ever-expanding technology, data, news and media services afford employees the opportunity to expand skills and connect with smart, driven colleagues from a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. We're looking for dynamic, multi-talented people who have a desire to thrive in a forward-thinking culture and a business with global impact. Are you ready to make your mark? Learn more about our businesses and opportunities at bloomberg.com/careers. 