 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Analysis, Data Collection, Data Mining, Development, Director, Genetic, Hadoop, HTML, Inquire, JavaScript, Management, Modeling, Programming, Research, TDD, UX Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Details Open Date 06/15/2017 Requisition Number PRN14485B Job Title Data Scientist Working Title Job Grade H FLSA Code Computer Employee Patient Sensitive Job Code? No Standard Hours per Week 40 Full Time or Part Time? Full Time Shift Day Work Schedule Summary VP Area Health Sciences Department 01114 - HS Planning Office Location Campus City Salt Lake City, UT Type of Recruitment External Posting Pay Rate Range 75900-148100 Close Date NOTE: May close at anytime. Open Until Filled NOTE: May close at anytime. Yes Job Summary The data scientist works for Health Sciences Strategy in the Office of the Senior Vice President for Health Sciences. Health Sciences Strategy collaborates with entities across the entire university to craft health system strategy and develop and implement strategic initiatives. Health Sciences Strategy is a dynamic, fast-paced work environment. The position couples advanced data science and data visualization with critical, abstract, theoretical thought and communication. Successful performance is demonstrated through proactive development, management and analysis of complex datasets, clinical data science (e.g., patient segmentation, episode prediction, and health outcome analytics), financial data science (e.g., pro forma financial statements and comparative cost-benefit analyses), business data science (e.g., market assessments and comparative service line evaluations), innovative and interactive data visualizations and the effective blending thereof to inform, craft, and monitor health system strategy. The data scientist reports to the Associate Vice President for Strategy and the Director of Strategy. Responsibilities Coordination of simultaneous projects, under the direction of the Associate Vice President for Strategy and the Director of Strategy, is essential to the success of Health Sciences Strategy. The following is representative of work performed by data scientists but is not all-inclusive: •Uses data science to synthesize unstructured, disjointed information into meaningful, compelling narratives that facilitate development and refinement of health system strategy. •Crafts data products that provide effective summary visualizations of analytical findings and user-empowering functionalities that facilitate and promote self-learning. •Supports efforts to create presentations with clear, cogent writing and graphical illustrations. •Supports requests from health system entities by identifying potential data sources, gathering data, conducting statistical work and communicating findings and implications. •Supports the collection of national, regional, and local data for benchmarking and comparative analytics. •Keeps abreast of developments and changing technologies and applications via self- initiated professional development. Participates in continuing education courses, professional organizations, attends training and trade seminars, and maintains professional contacts in the community and the industry. •Undertakes other responsibilities as needed to support the implementation of health system strategy. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree and 6-8 years of related experience in the field or related area is required. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description. Preferences This position may require an MS degree in data science, econometrics, statistics, mathematics, computer science, quantitative social science or a related field and at least five years of relevant experience. Candidates must be familiar with a wide range of advanced statistical techniques and have expert-level knowledge of at least one statistical programming language such as Stata,SASor R. Strong acumen for and interest in development of interactive data visualizations is also required. Candidates should be able to advance multiple projects concurrently and meet strict deadlines. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to cogently explain and defend research methods and present research findings, are also required. PhD in data science, computer science, econometrics, statistics, mathematics, quantitative social science or a related field may be preferred. Experience in business strategy, business development, and healthcare transformation. Expertise in predictive analytics, non-linear systems thinking and modeling, data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, and big data environments (e.g., Hadoop or Spark). Expertise in data collection and cleaning, dataset integration and data management. Experience in geospatial analytics and visualizations (e.g., ArcGIS). Familiarity with and interest in development and management of dynamic data products (e.g., interactive data visualizations and dashboards). Solid skills in UI/UX design, D3, and Javascript. Comfortable using or learning tools like Plotly, R Shiny, and ArcGIS. Candidate should be able to work cooperatively and effectively in the context of a large, highly complex academic medical center. Intellectual creativity, intellectual rigor, a strong work ethic and a flexible work schedule are needed. Candidates should be able to progress on several projects simultaneously and thrive in situations that demand high performance under short deadlines. Type Benefited Staff Special Instructions Summary IMPORTANTNOTE: Along with your resume and cover letter, we are requesting that you upload some examples of your own work. For Writing Sample 1, 2, and 3, please give us data visualization samples, or other samples you feel are relevant to the job description, and appropriate for showcasing your skills. We do not want copies of your transcripts, degrees, or letters of recommendation in these fields. Additional Information The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email:Click here to Apply/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/ TDD ), email:Click here to ApplyThe University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (“URS”). To be eligible for retirement contributions, you must be hired into a benefit-eligible position. Certain new hires are automatically assigned to the URS retirement plan and other employees with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in the URS within 30 days of hire. Regardless of whether they are hired into a benefit-eligible position or not, individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS must notify the Benefits Department upon hire. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801)366-7770 or (800)695-4877 or the University’s Benefits Department at (801)581-7447 for information. This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen. Apply Now Save this job 