  big data, hadoop, architect, roadmap, etl, mdm. data qaulity, cloud Full Time, FT Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description We are a family of brands that respects and serves women and girls. ascena retail group, inc. (NASDAQ: ASNA) is a leading national specialty retailer offering apparel, shoes, and accessories for women under the Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lou &amp; Grey, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn and Catherines brands, and for tween girls under the Justice brand. ascena retail group, inc. operates ecommerce websites and over 4,800 stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. For more information about ascena retail group, inc. visit: ascenaretail.com, AnnTaylor.com, LOFT.com, louandgrey.com, lanebryant.com, cacique.com, maurices.com, dressbarn.com, catherines.com, and shopjustice.com. The Enterprise Data Architect is responsible and accountable for the definition, implementation and advocacy of overall data architecture, data management, data quality and data governance vision and strategy to meet and exceed the company's objectives. The position will be responsible for developing and providing oversight to the architectural approach, patterns for both applications and infrastructure to supporting all projects. This position will work cross-functionally across IT to ensure seamless integration to external and internal systems allowing for scalability, flexibility and high-availability. Collaboration across all IT disciplines and external 3rd parties is essential to properly position and implement solutions within the enterprise end-to-end architecture. Position will be accountable for transforming business opportunities into comprehensive integrated solutions that will deliver differentiating capabilities. A good understanding of best practices of data modeling and big data is desirable for this role. Primary Responsibilities and Activities Responsibilities will include setting the vision, gathering requirements, gaining business consensus, performing vendor and product evaluations, mentoring business and development resources, deliver solutions, training and documentation. Assess and recommend strategies including ETL frameworks, Data Management, Data Quality, and Data Cleansing. Eliminate unnecessary movement of data, strive to improve data quality and reduce data redundancy and fragmentation. Develop approaches for modernization, data quality improvements, highly adaptable, scalable and high performance Partner strategically with the IT &amp; Business Service Leads to guide technology direction, short/long term roadmaps, and holistic value across the portfolio. Collaborate with architecture community to develop Architecture Strategies for existing and emerging process/technologies Drive innovation into mainstream delivery Maintain influential knowledge of industry trends in strategic areas of importance Propose and run/govern proof of concepts for new technologies which could result in differentiating capabilities for the business Technical recommendations for big data, data analytics, data transformation, etc. Guiding migrations and upgrades by collaborating with Platform Architects Provides leadership in establishing analytic environments required for structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. Proven track record to drive rapid prototyping and design for new projects and analytic R&amp;D environments. Drive both the data architecture and governance for the operational and analytical data environments, data consumption patterns and design to achieve desired business outcomes. Interact with all levels of the organization spanning IT and each of the business functions and markets across the corporate network as required for standard data processes or projects. Strategic planning and execution of all aspects of data architecture including establishment of current and future state architecture and transformational roadmap in alignment with business strategy Propose appropriate modeling and data management solutions to meet the overall vision of the organization Develop and maintain lineage among various systems in the enterprise Deep understanding of master data management architecture and applications Proven experience in architecture governance, controls, and peer reviews in regard to data, security, and cloud. Experienced in developing architecture reference models for data governance and control. Ability to authentically and effectively communicate with various stakeholders across business and IT. Responsible for creating design patterns and best practices for data and the integration of data through the enterprise. Competencies DRIVE INNOVATION : Generate new or unique solutions and embrace new ideas that help sustain our business (encompassing everything from continuous improvement to new product and package innovation) ACT LIKE AN OWNER : Deliver results, creating value for our brands, our System, our customers and key stakeholders DEVELOP SELF AND OTHERS : Develop self and support others’ development to achieve full potential Support Continuous Improvement: Behaviors which result in the improvement of existing processes leading to greater efficiency. It also includes the implementation of change. Plan and Prioritize: Behaviors which lead to efficiency in use of own time, and enable flexible response to changes in priorities. This competency includes identification of priorities and actions that have the greatest impact on outcomes and business results. Work Experience: 5-10 years of work experience in IT or relevant related field, with specific experience in Tower related activity. Experience in architecture, design, development, testing and implementation over multiple technologies, geographic locations, size and scale of projects. Collaborating to build Services based interfaces to the IT systems and working with enterprise systems and all third party service providers Building data model and sequence diagrams of the use cases support today to IT backend systems Very strong functional skills with 6+ years of IT Data Architectural experience Proven experience in integration of Enterprise Applications with mobile &amp; web interfaces Strong customer focus with demonstrated push for value &amp; continuous improvement Experience working with external resources (onshore and offshore) Architecture Experience with data governance, data wrangling, data quality and MDM platforms. Architecture Experience with large-scale MPP data platforms, BI and Data warehouse technologies. Architecture Experience with Big Data on-premise/on-cloud. Experience working with big data technologies – Hadoop ecosystem, Presto, Kafka, Apache Beam, Data pipelines. Familiarity with big data on cloud – EMR, S3, Athena, GCP DataProc, BigQuery, Dataflow Apply Now Save this job Posted By Ned Tyson 30 Dunnigan Dr Suffern, NY, 10901 Contact 