 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Keyword Skills: data strategy, data management, data architecture, data governance, analytics, business insights, data driven decisions, data warehousing, Big Data, Cloud, advanced analytics Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel required to 50%. Job Description Data Strategist Consultant City, State: Richmond, VA Position Overview At Impact Makers, we’re changing the way companies do business. We are a social impact company and we don’t grow only for profit, we grow for purpose. We scale not only for a greater bottom line, but also for greater impact. Have you ever thought about going to work and making a difference for your client and the community? Do you believe in social entrepreneurship? If so you need to consider making a move to Impact Makers. We are looking for a Data Strategist consultant who aligns business goals, objectives and requirements with strategies and approaches to data management and technology investment to join our growing Data Services Practice. Act as an effective enabler of strategy development; leverage versatile skills in listening, problem solving, analysis and collaboration to drive business value from results oriented strategies and road maps. Be a liaison between the business and IT to design, evaluate and recommend approaches and technologies to improve the use of actionable data for improved business value. Responsibilities: Provide enterprise level consultancy and guidance to clients to evaluate and develop current and desired state data strategies, practices and technologies. Frame deliverables with focus on people, process, technology, and culture. Use quantitative and qualitative methods to design and evangelize data strategies, road maps and frameworks; drive organizational excellence and support corporate business objectives. Anchor proposed data strategies and frameworks in core data management concepts such as data governance, data quality, master data, metadata, warehousing and business intelligence. Work with a high degree of ambiguity to uncover business opportunities, operational improvements and innovative insights through use of improved data strategies and technology investment. Propose and run proof of concepts for new technologies or practices which result in differentiating business capabilities. Drive innovation and maintain influential knowledge of industry trends in data management and analytics such as IoT, Data Science and Cloud. Lead and guide project plans, timelines and resource plans. Skills &amp; Qualifications Seasoned professional with 10+ years of data management consulting experience; able to lead client engagements and develop data strategy products and implementations with little direction. Demonstrated ability to contribute to client’s use of data as an organizational asset; devise plans to increase business value through improvements in various data investments such as improving data management maturity, implementing new technologies or gaining new analytical insights. 5+ years of experience designing and implementing various data management processes such as data governance, master data management and metadata management. Ability to manage organizational culture and change through new process evolution. 5+ years working with data management technologies such as relational database management systems, data warehouses or business intelligence tools. Strong understanding of technology concepts, innovations and trends in data management such as data warehousing, IoT, Big Data, analytics and BI tools. Demonstrated innovative, analytical, problem solving, process improvement and documentation skills. Familiar with structured analysis techniques including context diagrams, data flow diagrams, process modeling, functional decomposition models as well as conceptual, logical and physical data modeling. Desire and commitment to continuous learning in data management, architecture, Big Data, analytics, business intelligence and Cloud. Executive level presence and excellent communications skills suitable for customer communications by phone, email, and in-person. Certifications a plus: Certified Enterprise Data Management Expert; Certified Data Steward; Information Governance Professional; Certified Business Intelligence Professional (CBIP); Certified Data Management Professional (CDPM); Certified Data Vault Professional 2.0. Experience in either Financial Services or Healthcare preferred. Keyword Skills: data strategy, data management, data architecture, data governance, analytics, business insights, data driven decisions, data warehousing, Big Data, Cloud, advanced analytics. Apply Now Save this job 