 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description We know that there are all kinds of data engineers, with varying levels of knowledge about different platforms and data sources. At InterWorks, were more interested in candidates who are hard-working, smart and love what they do. We care more about overall data and programming skills rather than experience with a certain database platform. Whether you have worked primarily in SQL Server, Postgres or something else, we only ask that you have a strong understanding of building data pipelines and can apply your skills within our fast paced and agile approach.While some companies may hide their data engineers away in some dungeon, data engineers at InterWorks are social, friendly creatures. That is why being able to communicate with clients day in and day out is especially valuable. Our data engineers must be able to work closely with users in order to understand their needs and help them as best as possible.You might find it difficult to do the same thing each day at InterWorks. Data Engineers can expect to work on diverse projects ranging from a few days to several months. Many of these projects include solving data acquisition, integration and management problems for some of the largest organizations in the world. Projects also include working with disparate data sources (Relational databases, flat files, Excel, HDFS/Big Data systems, high performance analytical databases, etc.) to unify client data, creating ETL processes based on client needs and managing client expectations.InterWorks prides itself on having an exciting work environment, with a unique company culture. InterWorks employees are some of the most intelligent and friendly people you will ever meet, and they are the primary reason for the success of InterWorks. Joining the InterWorks team as a Data Engineer means joining a family and our family is growing faster than ever.Skills and RequirementsHere are some basic requirements that we look for in our Data engineers:Required: Excellent SQL skills Programming ability (Python, Java, C#, PHP, etc.) Strong ETL skills using GUI based tools or code based patterns Understanding of data modeling principles Excellent verbal and written communication skills Business acumen Strong problem solving skills Easily adaptable and flexible to changing situations Passion for delivering compelling solutions that exceed client expectations Highly Desired: Experience with software engineering practices Experience with modern data engineering practices and frameworks Experience with integration from API sources About InterWorksInterWorks is a business-to-business I.T. consulting firm based out of Stillwater, Oklahoma with staff in Dallas, Atlanta, Chicago, San Francisco, San Diego, Washington D.C., New York and in Europe. We opened our doors in 1996 to focus on I.T. networking with an emphasis on customer service. Still focusing on the needs of the customer, we now serve clients by offering network architecture, software development, web strategy and business intelligence services on a national and global scale.About the Business Intelligence TeamAt InterWorks, were on the front lines of the big data revolution. Companies around the world continue to seek us out to meet their big data needs. That is why InterWorks assembled the best and brightest business intelligence team there ever was, wielding powerful data tools like Tableau and Vertica. Our BI team provides solutions to some of the largest organizations in the world, including several Fortune 500 companies, government organizations, and respected universities. Apply Now Save this job 