 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Big Data,ETL,Troubleshooting,Scripting,SQL,Ab Initio,Pig,Hive,Spark,Hadoop,Informatica Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel required to 50%. Job Description IBM seeks a Junior Big Data Developer. The Junior Big Data Developer will be able to build data lakes and be able to extract, transform, and load (ETL) large magnitudes of data. Ideal candidates for this position must have experience with Structured Query Language (SQL), ETL and scripting. They should have practical knowledge of Big Data frameworks. Ideal candidates should also be experienced in data testing and troubleshooting, as well as other Data as a Service tools.The IBM Client Innovation Center is an in-bound delivery model where we support our clients from our Baton Rouge center. However, some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs across the US. Travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site (Monday thru Friday). You are expected to travel approximately 50% of the time. This is a traditional office position. You must live in, or be willing to relocate to, LOUISIANA. The work location is 100 North Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802. This is not a work from home position. Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 1 year experience in SQL scripting/commands At least 6 months experience in ETL tool(s) (Ab Initio, Informatica, etc) At least 6 months experience Big Data and/or Data as a Service tools and technology Exposure to one or more of the following: Data lakes, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, Big Data platforms Preferred Technical and Professional Experience At least 2 years experience in SQL scripting/commands At least 1 year experience Big Data and/or Data as a Service tools/technology At least 1 year experience in ETL tools (Ab Initio or Informatica, etc) Experience with the following: Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Spark, and/or Big Data platforms, etc At least 1 year experience in data testing specifically (vs. software testing) At least 6 months experience in programming At least 1 year experience in reviewing/understanding user requirements English : Fluent Required Education: Bachelor's Degree Preferred Education: Master's Degree Travel Required: Up to 50% or 3 days a week (home on weekends - based on project requirements) IBM's unparalleled ability to bring together deep business insight, advanced research, analytics, and technology enables IBM Global Business Services to help position its clients for the future. We leverage the proven roadmaps and frameworks that have been developed across 17 industries and the unique combination of skills and experiences of our teams in over 170 countries - unmatched capabilities. When you join IBM, you'll partner with our clients, and leverage these capabilities to deliver real business value. As a member of the world's leading and largest consulting organization, you'll tap into resources that only a global leader like IBM can provide: access to a vast and diverse network of talented professionals; enjoy unparalleled career opportunities; be provided with ongoing training and education that you'll need to succeed; and work on some of the most interesting projects on the planet, helping everyone from organizations to local governments, work smarter. Apply Now Save this job 