 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Hadoop,SDLC,NoSQL,Java,Python,HBase,Unix,Communication Skills Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Position Description: CGI is seeking candidates for a Data Architect Lead position with a strategic client in the insurance industry and position is located in Lafayette LA. The scope of the work involves managing large data integration and analytics projects with emerging technologies such as Hadoop, NoSQL and visualization tools. Your future duties and responsibilities: Requirements for this Role: • 12+ years of experience working in system development environments • 3+ years in working with Cloudera Hadoop, Hbase, Python and NoSQL• Experience with Unix, Java, • Strong knowledge of SDLC including, waterfall and agile models of development • Ability to work in an agile environment, problem solve, and manage teams effectively • Ability to manage the end-to-end flow and communicate each teams role\part\deliverables\timelines\impacts • Global delivery experience a plus • Should be very good in communication and be able to work independently • Insurance Services domain experience is required • General OTC derivative clearing knowledge is desired ESSENTIAL SKILLS REQUIRED • 7+ years in relevant experience • Experience in the use of data modelling methods and tools • Good communication to interface with the client and Business IT teams • Emerging technologies knowledge • Ability to resolve technical issues and to manage, coordinate and guide a project teamHadoop, Python, HbaseTechnology Management, Team Management and/or Project Management Required qualifications to be successful in this role: • Work with CGI teams to develop, gather and collate best practices and methodologies in Data Integration and Analytics Arena• Work with client to define architecture for multiple projects• Mentor and manage junior resources for efficient project delivery• Technology Management of multiple small scrum teams LI-RS2 What you can expect from us: Build your career with us.It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.No unsolicited agency referrals please. We understand that success in the IT services business is contingent on retaining and attracting the best talent - talent like you. At CGI, our team of professionals is dedicated and driven to help our clients succeed. At our Lafayette Center, we are looking for experienced professionals and graduating students interested in IT careers, focusing on those with demonstrated experience in IT and business, strong problem-solving abilities, and excellent interpersonal skills. While most companies have a vision and mission, CGI goes a step beyond. We have a company dream: "To create an environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of." This dream emphasizes the enjoyment and ownership principles that are essential to CGI's success. In fact, we strive to create an environment where our professionals enjoy working together and feel empowered and engaged as owners to build their company and grow their careers. This dream as well as our values are what set us apart - Apply Now Save this job 