 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Spark,Virtualization,Hadoop,PaaS,Pig,Data Warehousing,IaaS,Azure,SaaS,Amazon Web Services,MapReduce,Cloud Computing,ETL Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Join CSRA and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the world’s most complex technical challenges. We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Lake/Big Data Developer to provide support under the Navy’s Personnel Modernization (PersMod) program in Columbia, Md. Duties and responsibilities Contributes to the overall strategic vision, and integrates a broad range of ideas Responsible for supporting and leading project tasks Works as member of a dynamic high performance IPT Frequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline; 10+ years; equivalent experience can be substituted for educational experience. 5+ years hands-on "big data" experience (Hadoop, HDFS, PIG, SPARK, MapReduce) Experience with cloud "big data" infrastructure (AWS EMR, Azure HDInsight, Hortonworks HDP, Cloudera) Experience creating and managing complex data architectures Experience with data warehousing databases and techniques (RDMS, ETL, ELT, etc) Experience leading team in DIACAP, ACAS, VRAM accreditations Thorough understanding of cloud computing; virtualization technologies. Understanding and experience with IAAS, PAAS, SAAS delivery models and the current competitive landscape. Secret clearance Delivering Next Generation IT SolutionsCSRA delivers a broad range of innovative, next-generation IT solutions and professional services to help our customers modernize their legacy systems, protect their networks and assets, and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of mission-critical functions for our warfighters and our citizens. Committed to Our Country and CommunitiesWhether we're helping our U.S. government customers meet their mission and operational challenges or working to address critical needs within our local communities, we bring the same level of passion and commitment, developing solutions that meet or exceed the challenge. Join CSRAAs a CSRA employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation's most critical missions. We give you the tools to be successful; all you need to do is bring your best ideas, your energy and a desire to develop your skills, experience and career. Apply Now Save this job 