 Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks.The Internet Services team is responsible for delivering cutting edge Internet applications like the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music and iCloud that are used by hundreds of millions of users every day across the globe. We are seeking a data science manager to build and lead a team of data scientists. The team will be responsible for turning large amounts of data generated by these applications into business insights that enhance customer experience. On the technical side, a successful candidate will have a bent for applied research with expertise in pattern mining, anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. A successful candidate will also be able to take responsibility for conception, hands-on execution and end-to-end delivery of multiple concurrent cross-functional data science projects. They will be a strong communicator who can build bridges and influence teams across the company. We encourage our data science teams to stay abreast of data mining &amp; machine learning research by attending conferences and working with academic faculty and students. We foster a collaborative work environment, but allow solution autonomy on projects.Key Qualifications: Strong working knowledge of data mining algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms and anomaly detection techniques. Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles and SQL. Familiarity with Big Data tools like Spark, Hive etc. Strong programming skills in Java, Python, or similar language Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills 2+ years experience in hiring &amp; leading team of data scientists. Ability to coach data scientists and a drive to invest in teams success.Description: Our data science team is responsible for tackling fraud, abuse &amp; account security problems across Apples Internet Services. You will work hand-in-hand with data scientists, engineers, program managers and business partners across the company to understand problems, define data-driven solutions, execute plans, measure and communicate results on a regular basis.Education: Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience. Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apply Now Save this job Company Information We bring amazing people together to make amazing things happen. We're a diverse collection of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what's possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices – strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. 