 Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks.Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and theres no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apples Global Business Intelligence team as a Big-Data Frameworks Engineer to design and build innovative systems, optimizations and services for our Analytics team. As member of the technical team, you will play a critical role in shaping new systems architecture and technical direction, as well as the future of existing system and services. This role requires working closely with cross-functional teams to effectively coordinate the complex interdependencies inherent in the project.Key Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in Scala, core Java and/or Python 3+ years of experience in Spark systems 3+ years of Experience in machine learning, for example, Tensor flow, Turi, Spark ML lib, and R. Good knowledge in Hadoop eco-systems Practical knowledge in design patterns Expertise in architecting, designing and developing big data frameworks for analytics and data management Direct experience with highly available systems In depth knowledge of developing large distributed systemsDescription: Architect, design and build a Big-Data Framework that provides proper abstractions for common building blocks of big data analytics systems. The abstractions will be optimally assembled into data processing and machine learning pipelines in an easy to use manner by developers and end business users. This framework should make Big-Data Technology agnostic to the users, so users can concentrate on the business logic. The framework will have a clear distinction about the cold data, warm data and hot data, and the framework, while serving the user with a unified interface, has the ability to move the data behind the scene transparently. Essentially the framework is to implement the tiered storage architecture. The framework will federate the data from different systems where the data is retrieved in parallel from those systems. Designs and develops the features to address the above stated requirements Designs Self - Serve data structures, sets up the Data Pipe Lines for these structures; Schedules the data pipe lines for daily and history processing; Works closely with cross functional teams to gather requirements.Education: BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, or EE, or relevant industry experience is required Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apply Now Save this job Company Information We bring amazing people together to make amazing things happen. We're a diverse collection of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what's possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices – strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. 