 Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks.The Software Data Analysis team drives strategic software direction, resolves issues, and aims to make our great devices even better. The foundation of this team is obtaining quality data. A successful engineer in this role will be building and qualifying the software that sends data back from millions of Apple devices. Device telemetry from our Operating Systems is an integral part of creating a stable software experience for our users.Key Qualifications: 2+ years of professional experience in Python Deep understanding of multi-threaded programming, network, and POSIX/synchronization primitives. Experience with QA automation. Extreme attention to detail Experience in developing and designing tests for automation Good understanding of SQA methodologies &amp; practicesDescription: The successful candidate will need excellent communication skills and a deep interest in Software Quality. This position requires a self-motivated individual who will handle the following tasks: Software verification and validation Identify system failure modes, and determine integration test coverage to prevent regression Verify data correctness from collection through to analysis Automate all testing Interpret results, summarize, and escalate issues to senior managementEducation: BS in Computer Science or equivalentAdditional Requirements: The following are desirable, but not required: Experience with modern SCM such as Git C, C++, Objective-C, or Swift Experience with CI systems such as Jenkins or Xcode server Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apply Now Save this job Company Information We bring amazing people together to make amazing things happen. We're a diverse collection of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what's possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices – strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. 