 AS400, Customer Service, Forth, Genetic, Help Desk, ISO, Library, Management, Unix Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Position Summary: Position Summary: This position is primarily responsible for handling all tasks performed in the command center, tape, print, library areas of the Data center, in accordance with documented ISO policies and procedures. The position will focus on delivering defect free deliverables and providing the highest quality customer service. Shift work will be required to support the position as the Data Center is a 24X7 operation. Required Qualifications: - 2+ years experience in a data center, or combination with education. Preferred Qualifications: - Understanding of basic Operations in a Data Center environment. - Prior experience in a team environment - Knowledge of ISO Standards - Good communication and interpersonal skills - Knowledge of basic escalation and notification processes. - Understanding and experience with problem ticketing applications: e.g., HEAT, HPSM, SBM (Team Track), Remedy, etc.... - Platform experience in: - iSeries (AS400) - Mainframe (zOS) - HP NSS - TWS for UNIX - TWS for Mainframe Education: High School Diploma required. Bachelor's degree preferred, Computer certification preferred. Business Overview: CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation-s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units - MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers. CVS Health is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or employment against any individual on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex/gender (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical or mental disability, medical condition, age, veteran status, military status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, unemployment status, political affiliation, or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. CVS Health will consider qualified job candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with federal, state and local laws. CVS Health will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any Colleague or applicant for employment because such Colleague or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the Colleague or applicant or another Colleague or applicant. Furthermore, we comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW and EEO IS THE LAW SUPPLEMENT Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact us by clicking EEO AA CVS Health CVS Health does not require nor expect that applicants disclose their compensation history during the application, interview, and hiring process. For inquiries related to the application process or technical issues please contact the Kenexa Helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609. For technical issues with the Virtual Job Tryout assessment, contact the Shaker Help Desk at 1-877-987-5352. Please note that we only accept resumes via our corporate website: https://jobs.cvshealth.com/ Required Qualifications: - 2+ years experience in a data center, or combination with education. Preferred Qualifications: - Understanding of basic Operations in a Data Center environment. - Prior experience in a team environment - Knowledge of ISO Standards - Good communication and interpersonal skills - Knowledge of basic escalation and notification processes. - Understanding and experience with problem ticketing applications: e.g., HEAT, HPSM, SBM (Team Track), Remedy, etc.... - Platform experience in: - iSeries (AS400) - Mainframe (zOS) - HP NSS - TWS for UNIX - TWS for Mainframe Education: High School Diploma required. Bachelor's degree preferred, Computer certification preferred. Business Overview: CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation-s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units - MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers. CVS Health is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or employment against any individual on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex/gender (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical or mental disability, medical condition, age, veteran status, military status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, unemployment status, political affiliation, or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. CVS Health will consider qualified job candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with federal, state and local laws. CVS Health will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any Colleague or applicant for employment because such Colleague or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the Colleague or applicant or another Colleague or applicant. Furthermore, we comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW and EEO IS THE LAW SUPPLEMENT Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact us by clicking EEO AA CVS Health CVS Health does not require nor expect that applicants disclose their compensation history during the application, interview, and hiring process. For inquiries related to the application process or technical issues please contact the Kenexa Helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609. For technical issues with the Virtual Job Tryout assessment, contact the Shaker Help Desk at 1-877-987-5352. Please note that we only accept resumes via our corporate website: https://jobs.cvshealth.com/ Category: IT, Corporate Apply Now Save this job Company Information Millions of times a day, close to home and across the country, we’re helping people on their path to better health. We’re reinventing pharmacy to have a more active, supportive role in each person’s unique health experience and in the greater health care environment-from advising on prescriptions to helping manage chronic and specialty conditions to providing quality walk-in medical care and pharmacy benefits management. Because we’re present in so many moments, in ways that are more affordable and effective, we’re able to positively influence health behavior and shape the future of health care for people, businesses and communities. Health is everything. CVS Health offers a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our four business areas - retail pharmacies, walk-in medical clinics, pharmacy benefits manager (PBM) and expanding specialty pharmacy services. Whether you work in one of our retail stores or our distribution centers, are a pharmacist or pharmacy technician, work as a corporate professional, or are a nurse in one of our clinics, we seek out and reward your fresh ideas, new perspectives, and the unique contributions you will make to the company. 