 Data Engineer II Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. Our business has been growing for 55 years and now is the best time in our history to join us. We are opening more locations every year and we are always looking for qualified individuals to join us in our growth. We are a company that promotes from within, both in our retail and corporate operations. The Business Intelligence Department is looking to add a Data Engineer II to their current team. The individual in this position will develop, test, analyze and maintain cloud-based analytics platform, including Enterprise Data Warehouse and other Big Data technologies.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Develops high performance distributed data warehouse, distributed analytic systems and cloud architecture. Develops, tests and debugs batch and streaming, data pipelines (ETL/ELT) to populate databases and object stores from multiple disparate data sources; provides recommendations to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality. Performs data calculations through data integration tools and scripting languages. Implements data quality metrics, standards, and guidelines; automates data quality checks/routines as part of data processing frameworks; validates flow of information. Ensures that Data Warehousing and Big Data systems meet business requirements and industry practices; including but not limited to, automation of system builds, security requirements, performance requirements and logging/monitoring requirements. Troubleshoots data and performance related issues; implements adjustments, documents root cause and corrective measure; provides recommendations to stakeholders. Documents technical specifications and participates with peers in design and code review sessions. Employ a variety of scripting languages and tools to integrate data from multiple disparate data sources. Stays current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies. Assists employees, vendors and other customers by answering questions related to Data Warehousing and Big Data processes, procedures and services. Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: This position requires a minimum of five years of progressive database development and integration experience. Strong knowledge of logical and physical data modeling is necessary, including but not limited to entity design, relationships, indexing and star schemas. Ability to translate a logical data model into a relational or non-relational solution is necessary. Understanding of multiple relational (RDMS) and non-relational (NoSQL) data platforms is needed. SQL experience is required. Scripting knowledge with SQL, Python, Java or R is necessary. Experience in SQL tuning, indexing, partitioning, data access patterns and scaling strategies is needed. Experience with data integrations and data processing for business intelligence and analytics workloads is required. Experience with AWS S3 or other distributed object stores, AWS Redshift, Elastic MapReduce a plus. Hands-on experience in database development using views, SQL scripts and transformations is needed. Proficiency with Microsoft Office, including skills with Word and Excel is necessary. Experience working with large complex data sets is required. Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall is needed. Proven analytical problem solving and decision making skills are critical. Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization is necessary; must be able to clearly articulate technical ideas to a non-technical audience both verbally and in writing. Ability to work independently and in a team is vital. Customer service skills including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude are essential. The ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects to meet various deadlines simultaneously is required. The ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines and present a professional demeanor is essential. In addition, troubleshooting and organizational skills with a can-do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential. Educational Requirements: This position requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related or equivalent experience. Data or cloud related certifications are a plus. Preference will be given to local candidates. No staffing agencies. Salary range is depending on experience. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Discount Tire Contact 