 Master Data Management Developer Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Description Are you ready to make an impact on millions of customers, nationwide? If so, apply now! Job Duties &amp; Responsibilities GEICO is looking for a Master Data Management Developer to join the Decision Sciences team to help develop the Master Data Management initiative. The Master Data Management Developer will be responsible for developing solutions and administering a COTS product, Master Data Management. This initiative will be used to increase the accuracy of matching Customer/Client profiles using probabilistic matching and to develop a 360 degree view of the customer. Interested in joining our innovative team? If so, read on! Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a computer related field A minimum of 3 years of experience with InfoSphere Master Data Management (Standard Edition v 11.4 preferred) Solid understanding of Java Enterprise technologies and working knowledge of Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) Deep understanding and ability to use SQL, XML, and UNIX. Experience developing web services, strong UNIX shell scripting, and PERL About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years. Apply Now Save this job Posted By GEICO Contact Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 