 Big Data Technical Lead Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Duties &amp; Responsibilities Ready to make an impact? If so, read on! As a Big Data Technical Lead, you will responsible for focusing on building new data pipelines for the CCIS platform, which will include data sources from all over the company. The qualified candidate will lead a team of developers who are working to implement the ingestion and acquisition processes for new data sources. You will be responsible for collaboration with the other areas within GEICO to configure and optimize the CCIS platform, including coordination with application developers, operations engineers and other analytical teams across the company. Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, read on! Candidate Qualifications A Minimum 5 to 7 years of experience in complete software development lifecycle using Agile and Waterfall methodologies is required A Minimum 3 years of experience in working with cross-organization teams, driving technical discussions, managing deliverables, mentoring team members, deploying applications in a Production environment, and providing support &amp; maintenance is required A Minimum 2 years of experience as a Technical Lead and directing a team of junior and senior level programmers is required A Minimum 2 years of experience in Hadoop, MapReduce, Oozie, Hive, Pig, and Sqoop is required A Minimum 5 years of programming experience in either core Java, C , C++ , or Scala is required Experience in SOA, Mule ESB, RESTful API, WebServices, and Messaging Systems such as RabbitMQ, JMS is required Strong Understanding of Distributed computing design patterns, algorithms, data structures, security standards and protocols is required A Minimum 2 years of experience in HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, or any other NoSQL DB is deisred A Minimum 2 years of scripting experience in either Python, Perl, Ruby, Shell scripting is desired Experience in JUnit, JMeter , Selenium, TestNG is desired Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques is desired A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or a related field is required About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years. Apply Now Save this job Posted By GEICO Contact Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 