 Big Data Developer Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Ready to make an impact? If so, read on! As a Big Data Developer, you will be responsible for helping deliver GEICO’s Business Intelligence efforts. The candidate will be responsible for managing existing data extraction jobs, but also play a vital role in building new data pipelines from various structured and unstructured sources into Hadoop. The qualified candidate will be working with heterogeneous data models, mapping and transformation. The candidate will be responsible for working with various OR mapping tools and familiarity with Data as Service (DaaS). Would you like to join this innovative team? If so, do you meet these qualifications? Candidate Qualifications • Bachelor’s degree is required • A minimum of 3 years working with HBase/Hive/MRV1/MRV2 is required • A minimum of 2 years working with Hadoop • Experience working with Apache Spark, Storm, Kafka is preferred. • Experience in integrating heterogeneous applications is required • Experience working with Systems Operation Department in resolving variety of infrastructure issues • Experience designing and supporting RESTful Web Services is required • Knowledge and understanding of SDLC and Agile/Scrum procedures, processes and practices is preferred LinkedIn tag: #LI-POST DICE tag (IT only): DBT About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Contact Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 