 Big Data DevOps Engineer Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description At GEICO, we're about more than just insurance. Technology is at the core of everything we do, which means you'll get to work on innovative and influential tech projects in a successful company. Our associates are top-notch tech pros who are changing people's lives - just ask Forrester and Dynatrace-Keynote who've awarded our teams with top honors. Our company culture is simple to sum up, it's all about giving our customers the very best. And, we know that the best way to do that is by giving our associates that crucial edge to succeed. Our team leaders and managers truly believe in the power of mentorship, and we host a number of monthly professional certification classes and user groups to keep your skills sharp. Ready to make an impact? If so read on... The Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) Platform and Infrastructure team is seeking a driven Big Data DevOps Engineer. This team focuses on providing high available topnotch infrastructure so that GEICO can transform our customer experience. At the same time, DSaT team will enable GEICO to optimize our internal processes to make our systems substantially more efficient. So, how are we going to do this? That's where highly capable professionals like you come in - when you join the team, you will bring… Required Skills: Minimum 5+ years of IT experience including a minimum of 3 years supporting multi-tier applications on Linux systems Minimum 4+ years of experience in scripting and automation using languages such as Ruby, Python and Shell Minimum 2 + years of experience with TFS/Perforce and Bit Bucket Thorough knowledge in Jenkins Proven track record of automating routine and complex tasks which resulted in significant operational efficiencies Broad knowledge of infrastructure including compute, network and storage Strong understanding of Internet protocols including HTTP, SSL, TCP, IP Preferred Skills: Prior experience in Puppet or Chef with expertise in Linux/Unix administration Exposure to public cloud and cloud technologies such as Amazon AWS, Azure, or any other Infrastructure as a Service providers Prior experience supporting production applications Hands on experience in troubleshooting Java application problems and experience with Apache, Tomcat and other middleware technologies Prior experience in System Administration with Red Hat or SuSe is preferred. This also includes performing upgrades and patching Ability to work independently with limited supervision as well as contribute to team efforts Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years. GDOORIT #LI-POST1 Apply Now Save this job Posted By GEICO Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 