 Senior Data Scientist Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Ready to make an impact? If so read on! As a Senior Data Scientist, you will harness the power of Big Data through predictive analytics and innovative machine learning models. We are seeking a Data Scientist to support systems and business optimization through detailed analysis of GEICO's data. The Data Scientist team drives strategic business initiatives by researching, analyzing and interpreting data; developing algorithms to evaluate customer behavior and identify areas of opportunity; presenting analysis and recommendations; and participating with business units and IT to deliver innovative, actionable business models. The Data Scientist will be responsible for assisting in the definition of data mining and machine learning strategies and the execution of corresponding procedures. Would you like to join this innovative team? if so, do you meet these qualifications? Candidate Qualifications: A minimum of 3 years of experience in data mining, machine learning and distributed computing is required Bachelors degree in Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science or Mathematics preferred Familiarity with Hadoop, Pig, Hive and MapReduce is required Knowledge with Python, Perl or other scripting language is a must Demonstrated proficiency with statistical computing languages such as R, MATLAB, etc Experience with integrating large-scale heterogeneous datasets is require Knowledge with statistical research techniques, including modeling, data mining, clustering and segmentation Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively with third parties and internal staff at all levels of the organization Strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent organization and time management skills About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF or apply with your LinkedIn profile. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. wp123 ind123 dbt gdoorit, #LI-POST Apply Now Save this job Posted By GEICO Contact Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 