 Big Data Analyst Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) team is seeking a driven Systems Analyst to work on the Single View of the Customer (SVOC) initiative. The SVOC project will focus on leveraging Big Data and new models to significantly improve personalization and customization for our customers. At the same time, SVOC will enable GEICO to optimize our internal processes to make our systems substantially more efficient. To do so, the SVOC system will integrate with a large number of GEICO applications and will ultimately help make nearly all of our systems "smarter". In this role, you will have an opportunity to work with a wide variety of teams to implement innovative solutions and new functionality that drives our business forward. Responsibilities: - Lead discovery processes with functional stakeholders to identify business requirements and expected outcome - Coordinate with a variety of Business and IT departments to facilitate the integration of Single View of Customer into business processes and applications - Maintain the Product Backlog, User Stories &amp; feature prioritization list - Identify data engineering and data services requirements, maintain security policies, document metadata, and confirm data governance policies - Elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements - Perform functional testing, evaluate metrics and insights, and measure performance levels Skills: - Experience in documenting business process flows, sequence diagrams, system interaction charts, business and system requirements, processes, and test plans - Understanding of Web Services, APIs, and Application Integration points - Ability to perform profiling, analysis, and mapping of logical and physical attributes - Demonstrated experience with Microsoft SQL - Proven project management experience leading projects/initiatives - Ability to work independently with limited supervision as well as contribute to team efforts - Strong critical thinking, decision making, troubleshooting and problem solving skills - Outstanding time management skills and attention to detail - Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously and work in a fast-paced environment - Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences - Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques - Passion to innovate - Candidate must possess a Bachelor's degree in a computer related field or equivalent professional experience. Preferred Skills: - Scrum methodologies About GEICO For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace. Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including: 401(k) and profit-sharing plans Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs Tuition reimbursement Associate assistance program Flexible spending accounts Business casual dress Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations) Associate clubs and sports teams Volunteer opportunities GEICO Federal Credit Union * Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary. GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers. How to Apply Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years. Apply Now Save this job Posted By GEICO Contact Company Information We're more than just car insurance and a cute, green spokes-lizard. We're a place with more than 30,000 driven, innovative people specializing in information technology, sales, customer service, actuary, claims and much more. 