 Agile, Analysis, Analyst, Analytical Skills, Data Analysis, Database, Development, Java, Management, SAS, Sales, SQL Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Be Bold Be Brilliant Would you like to be a part of one of America's leading financial services firms? Great-West Financial is the nation's second largest insurer in sales of individual life insurance through banks. We also offer annuity and executive benefits products. Under Empower Retirement, we provide employer sponsored retirement plans as the nation's second largest retirement plan provider.Our over 5,000 associates across 40 locations across the country provide world class service to:30,000+ employer sponsored retirement plans 8 million+ employees participating in their employer-sponsored retirement plan 467,700+ individual life insurance and annuity accounts $460 billion+ total assets under administration Sr. Digital Data analysts will make decisions with limited guidance from management team. They will provide guidance to the data analyst team and systems management team with their Sr. level expertise. They should have strong knowledge in analyzing amounts of data such as facts, figures, and number crunching to find actionable conclusions. They will provide detailed data analyses and specifications from which digital systems/applications will be developed and maintained. The data analysts will work across assigned digital deliverables, providing progress/status to help systems management ensure data accuracy meets business stakeholder expectations. They will mentor Jr. data analysts and provide input to help set direction with tool set, procedures, and policies. This is very hands-on role and requires a strong ability to adapt to challenging problems and an intense desire to work as part of a cohesive team.Primary ResponsibilitiesEssential Functions: * Analytical Skills: Ability to work with large amounts of data such as facts, figures, and number crunching. Will need to see through the data and analyze it to find conclusions. * Communication Skills: The Digital Data Analysts may be called upon to present findings, or translate the data into an understandable document. They will need to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas. * Critical Thinking: The Digital Data Analysts must look at the numbers, trends, and data and come to new conclusions based on the findings. * Attention to Detail: Data is precise. Digital Data Analysts have to make sure they are vigilant in their analysis to come to correct conclusions. * Math Skills: Digital Data Analysts will require strong math skills to calculate/estimate numerical dataDuties and Responsibilities: Sr. Digital Data analysts will make decisions with limited guidance from management team. They will provide guidance to the data analyst team and systems management team with their Sr. level expertise. They should have strong knowledge in analyzing amounts of data such as facts, figures, and number crunching to find actionable conclusions. They will provide detailed data analyses and specifications from which digital systems/applications will be developed and maintained. The data analysts will work across assigned digital deliverables, providing progress/status to help systems management ensure data accuracy meets business stakeholder expectations. They will mentor Jr. data analysts and provide input to help set direction with tool set, procedures, and policies. This is very hands-on role and requires a strong ability to adapt to challenging problems and an intense desire to work as part of a cohesive team. They will be required to triage production issues that may arise that require data analysis to resolve.QualificationsEducation: * Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent emphasis.Preferred qualifications: * Work experience as a data analyst or in related field. * Demonstrated strong level knowledge with retirement planning/systems, financial markets, financial terms. * Demonstrated strong data analysis tool set experience and application. * Strong skills utilizing/writing SQL, Relational Database structures, development languages like Java, SAS... * Strong understanding of web based application design and optimization. * Experience with Agile methodology and supporting process like Jira. #DIAbout Great-West Financial At Great-West Financial^- and Empower Retirement, our more than 5,700 global associates are dedicated to helping customers secure their financial futures. We offer a range of retirement savings products, life insurance, annuities and investment services from offices across the country. If you're interested in joining a company that enjoys a record of strong performance and is rich in history yet innovative, bold and transformative, then our organization is an outstanding place for you to grow and succeed. We're an equal opportunity employer dedicated to workforce diversity. We're also committed to providing a drug-free workplace.Department: Technology Apply Now Save this job 