 Use analytics tools, such as Tableau and Qlik, to visualize information for a variety of stakeholders Analyze data to inform actionable recommendations for improving procurement solutions Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Operations Transformation service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends, reports, spreadsheets, reporting regulations, and business conditions. Develops and analyzes metrics, performance measurements, requirements, reports and recommendations related to management, organizational structure, policy/procedures and business systems. Analyses performed will support projects in supplier management, strategic sourcing, total cost management, and demand management. Conduct deep analytics into IT Security procurement data from disparate government-wide and third-party sources. Use analytics tools, such as Tableau and Qlik, to visualize information for a variety of stakeholders. Analyze data to inform actionable recommendations for improving procurement solutions. Develop high-quality client deliverables, including MS Word reports and MS PowerPoint presentations, for executive level clients. Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization). Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials Extensive knowledge and experience in preparing and conducting business analyses and studies, needs assessments, requirements analysis/definition and cost/benefit analyses in an effort to align business systems, solutions, and initiatives. Bachelors Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field. Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees. U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required. Travel may be required. Ability to work overtime required on occasion. Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time. Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance. Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally. Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements. Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements. Grant Thornton LLP is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International, one of the six global accounting, tax and business advisory organizations. Grant Thorntons Public Sector, based in Alexandria, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thorntons Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector. It is Grant Thorntons policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Apply Now Save this job 