 data architecture, Capital Markets Full Time, FULL TIME Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description About Capgemini With more than 193,000 people in over 44 countries, Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services. The Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.539 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business and technology solutions that fit their needs and drive the results they want. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at http://www.capgemini.com Rightshore ® is a trademark belonging to Capgemini Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. Position Type: Full Time/Permanent Location: Monterey Park, CA Role: Data Solution Architect Experience in architecting solution for Party MDM Working experience on banking and finance domain Deep understanding of enterprise architecture across various business subject areas Worked across all areas of data architecture, reference architecture, metamodeling Implementing data architecture principles, patterns, standards Developing artifacts in support of architecture committee RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Influence projects/initiatives and drive decisions related to data including data quality, data architecture and data management best practices. Provide expert data modeling an data validation services that produce flexible, extensible data structure design solutions that support effective business decisions Map entities to use cases and business requirements and assist in the development of data services. Create and manage an array of data design deliverables including data models, data diagrams, data flows, and corresponding data dictionary documentation Develop standards for database design/implementations of various strategic data architecture initiatives around master data management, data quality, data management policies/standards, data governance and metadata management Serve as an advocate for the data architecture team and data management discipline, policies/standards, data governance and metadata management Serve as an advocate for the data architecture team and data management discipline, policies and standards across the enterprise Assist in determining the effectiveness of existing technologies and processes in relation to the data architecture, create necessary implementation/migration plans and recommend new solutions 7+ years of experience with majority of exposure in Banking industry with good knowledge on banking systems/products in the Commercial lending, Retail / Residential lending, Global Capital Markets, Corporate treasury and Investment Banking domains Disclaimer: Capgemini America Inc and its U.S. affiliates are EEO/AA employers. Capgemini conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era, special disabled and other covered veteran status. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal- Apply Now Save this job Company Information Global leader in consulting, technology, outsourcing, and local professional services. Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and operates in over 40 countries. We are, above all, a people company — 180,000 people worldwide. Read more: www.capgemini.com/about 