 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> .Net, Agile, Analysis, Analytical Skills, Architecture, Business Intelligence, Consulting, Data Architecture, Data Warehouse, Development, ERP, Hadoop, Hardware, HTTP, Informatica, Management, OLAP, Project, Supervision, Telecom, Validation Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Architect, Advanced Analytics-0060702_P0077893 Description TITLE: Data Architect, Advanced Analytics GRADE: 12 LOCATION: Atlanta, GA About NCR Corporation NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, turning everyday interactions with businesses into exceptional experiences. With its software, hardware, and portfolio of services, NCR enables nearly 700 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. NCR solutions run the everyday transactions that make your life easier. NCR is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, with approximately 29,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. Position Summary &amp; Key Areas of Responsibility This is an exciting opportunity to join the newly created Advanced Analytics team which is uniquely positioned within the CFO Organization. This team is tied into enterprise level strategy, decision support and chartered to leverage advanced analytics to drive key business outcomes at NCR. The ideal candidate should have broad knowledge in the following areas: designing, building, and integrating (incl. ETL) large volume of data. You will manage big data for data science / advanced analytics activities to drive decision making across the organization. This will require a knowledge of both data warehouse design, and traditional ERP cube environments, moving into consumption from a Hadoop data lake Key Areas of Responsibility include: • Quickly learn and become the SME of multiple legacy data sources, ERP, data warehouse and help as project stakeholder to drive requirements into the broader data roadmap at NCR • Design, develop, and implement advanced analytical architectures to enable business insights • Write code (POCs, prototypes as well as quality production features) • Partner with the team (Data Scientists and Business Analysts) to tactically enable quick sprints in design to delivery of data architectures, allowing for faster delivery of insights • Leads technology selections providing architectural guidance, validation and implementation • In-depth knowledge of data warehousing, ETL/ELT and in-memory/cube use cases and patterns • Evaluates reusability of current data for additional analysis • Designs object and data models and the metadata reporting to structure the data for better management and quicker access • Coordinate and interface with appropriate management, communicate with industry and functional groups educating technical and non-technical employees on advanced analytics • Make appropriate decisions and collaborate as a team with minimal level of supervision; perform multiple tasks simultaneously • Develop and maintain internal process and project documentation related to projects Qualifications Basic Qualifications: • BA/BS degree required; Computer Science, Math or Technical background highly desired; Advanced Degree a plus • 3+ years experience in data architecture design patterns (Data Warehouse, ODS, Data Marts, Data Hubs) • Hands-on implementation or consulting experience working in development with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Storm, Spark, and or Kafka • Knowledge/ Experience in Data Integration Tools (e.g. SSIS, Informatica, etc.) • Experience Reporting, Business Intelligence and OLAP tools (SSRS, SSAS, Tableau, PowerBI, Hyperion, etc.) • Agile development experience • Demonstrated leadership, initiative, analytical skills, and sound business acumen including the ability to understand and analyze all types of data • Must be able to adjust and work effectively in a dynamic, changing environment • Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to communicate effectively with key organizations and across all levels of management Visit our careers site for a list of the benefits offered in your region in addition to a competitive base salary and strong work/family programs. EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Job : Finance Primary Location : North America-United States-Georgia-Atlanta Schedule : Full-time Apply Now Save this job 