  .Net, Analysis, Analyst, BI Tools, Consulting, Data Analysis, Hadoop, Hardware, HTTP, Linux, Metrics, Modeling, Python, Research, SQL, Telecom, Teradata Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Business &amp; Data Analyst-0061641_P0079257 Description TITLE: Business &amp; Data Analyst GRADE: 11 LOCATION: Atlanta, GA About NCR Corporation NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, turning everyday interactions with businesses into exceptional experiences. With its software, hardware, and portfolio of services, NCR enables nearly 700 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. NCR solutions run the everyday transactions that make your life easier. NCR is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, with approximately 29,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. Position Summary: As a member of our Business Transformation group, you’ll join a team of transformation and process innovation experts. We are the experts in transformation, ranging from Lean, process improvement and complex transformation implementation. Our business transformation group works collaboratively with groups throughout NCR—particularly with consulting teams on client cases. Your contributions as an expert data analyst will have a direct impact on our business, helping NCR see problems in new ways, analyze alternative solutions, and advance bold ideas to transform our clients’ businesses and improve the world. As a Data Analyst, you will: • Be the Data analyst expert who will Identify and advance process improvement opportunities • Work jointly with transformation leads, IT and the business teams to problem solve and offer ideas to solve business issues • Conduct relevant research, data analysis, and create reports to support process mapping and business transformation needs • Maintain responsibility for completion and accuracy of work products • Develop your skills through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with business teams • Work on big data, analytics projects to drive value for our business and enable NCR 2020 vision • Work in small team environments to solve complex problem • Design and implement data structures and analyses that drive actionable insights for new features and initiative • Analyze, forecast, and build reporting for key performance metrics • Effectively present and communicate analysis to the company leaders to drive business decisions Qualifications Basic Qualifications: • 2-7 years’ experience in business and data analytics • Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Economics or related field; Advanced degree preferred • Proficient with SQL (experience in Hive and Teradata utilities preferred) • Proficiency with multiple analytics tools required; Python or R strongly preferred • Hands on experience with BI tools; Tableau, power BI etc. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Must be comfortable in ambiguity and constantly evolving environment • Thorough understanding of business metrics for customer experience improvement and product performance metrics. Preferred Qualifications: • Degree in computer science, information systems, or other technology-related field • Prior work experience with Incident analytics projects • Exposure to advanced analytics concepts such as predictive analytics and/or machine learning • Predictive modeling experience • Understanding of Linux systems and automation of jobs • Exposure to Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark or other Big Data Platforms • Practical knowledge in NLP and text mining Visit our careers site for a list of the benefits offered in your region in addition to a competitive base salary and strong work/family programs. EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Job : Finance Primary Location : North America-United States-Georgia-Atlanta Schedule : Full-time Apply Now Save this job 