  .Net, Agile, Algorithms, Analysis, Architecture, Automated, Business Intelligence, Data Architecture, Data Mining, Developer, Development, Hadoop, Hardware, HTTP, Java, MongoDB, NoSQL, Perl, Programming, Python, XML Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Big Data Developer-0057613_P0073394 Description TITLE: Big Data Architect/Developer LOCATION: Atlanta, Georgia, US GRADE: 11 About NCR Corporation NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a global technology company leading how the world connects, interacts and transacts with business. NCR’s assisted- and self-service solutions and comprehensive support services address the needs of retail, financial, travel, healthcare, hospitality, entertainment, gaming and public sector organizations in more than 100 countries. NCR (www.ncr.com) is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia. Are you passionate about disruptive innovation?, do you want to have a real impact within an industry leader? As an experienced, hands-on Big Data Architect / Developer, you will help explore, test, create and support market-leading business intelligence solutions within an innovation product team that will give NCR a competitive advantage in the industry. This is a unique opportunity to influence product ideation and architecture, in a company with an amazingly rich history of innovation. By working in a multi-disciplinary team that includes Software Engineers, Mobile App. Developers, Hardware Engineers and Industrial Designers, you will interact with peers and mentor team members, championing big data technologies and techniques to evolve the team's capabilities, and build a culture of experience, enthusiasm and passion for value-driven innovation. You will also play a key role in designing and building the big data architecture of the projects the team embarks on, ensuring development and delivery is of the highest quality, on-time and budget. In that vein, you will contribute significantly to the development of Big Data roadmaps. You will help evolve the team's ability to develop a visionary strategy, leverage market solutions and deliver strong customer-focused value through innovation. You will take responsibility for the continuous delivery environments as well as technical problem solving activities. We hope you will also have a desire to grow your scope, as we envision new possibilities within the organization. What will it take? When we meet you’ll be able to demonstrate your experience in: - Data Analytics &amp; Data Mining principles and solutions, including visualization &amp; reporting services - Big Data schema design and predictive analytics, particularly in the area of IoT / sensor data - Real-time and historical analysis, decision support and machine learning - Strong understanding of algorithms, Hadoop framework and data structures - Strong analytical and Data Manipulation (e.g. XML, JSON), with data ETL expertise (e.g. Hadoop and Spark) - Using and defining automated tests to verify that loads and transformations work as intended - Manipulating, aggregating and deriving useful information from data stored across many sources and different databases -Strong Java or Scala development skills; NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB and HBase) Qualifications Key Skills &amp; Attributes - Ability to conceptualize innovative data models for complex products, and create design patterns - Understands customer use cases, and can create a vision on how to design and implement a solution - Understands and articulates the overall value of big data; works effectively and proactively with internal and external partners - Intellectually curious and willing to expand the comfort zone by learning fast and "failing forward - Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills; Outstanding customer relationship skills - Excellent analytical and problem solving skills in a fast-paced environment - Comfortable and effective in dealing with ambiguity and rapid learning goals - Experience working in agile teams; self-motivated and outstanding team player - Exposure to failure mode predictive analytics for service &amp; stability improvement a plus - Experience in the Financial Services industry a plus Other Basic Qualifications - Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Math or Statistics, or equivalent experience - 5+ years of experience in the applied analytic space - 5+ years of programming skills &amp; experience in Java, C++, R, Perl, or Python. - 3+ years of advanced experience with Hadoop (preferably HDP) EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Job : Engineering Primary Location : North America-United States-Georgia-Atlanta Schedule : Full-time Apply Now Save this job 