 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> .Net, Analysis, Analytical Skills, Business Intelligence, Business Requirements, Database, Data Mining, Data Modeling, Hadoop, Hardware, HTTP, Management, Modeling, Oracle, Project, Research, Supervision, Telecom, Teradata Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics-0060703_P0077891 Description TITLE: Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics GRADE: 12 LOCATION: Atlanta, GA About NCR Corporation NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, turning everyday interactions with businesses into exceptional experiences. With its software, hardware, and portfolio of services, NCR enables nearly 700 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. NCR solutions run the everyday transactions that make your life easier. NCR is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, with approximately 29,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. Position Summary &amp; Key Areas of Responsibility: This is an exciting opportunity to join the newly created Advanced Analytics team which is uniquely positioned within the CFO Organization. This team is tied into enterprise level strategy, decision support and chartered to leverage advanced analytics to drive key business outcomes at NCR. The ideal candidate should have a graduate level degree in analytics or data science, have a strong track record of industry experience or graduate level project work with broad knowledge in the following areas: data mining, optimization, statistics, machine learning, data modeling, database design, retail domain knowledge, and reporting. Key Areas of Responsibility include: • Lead advanced analytics research tackling some of the most important questions / solutions within NCR • Design, develop, and implement advanced analytical architectures to enable business insights • Code, Analyze and Interpret advanced analytical methods applied to data from various sources • Consult with business teams on the appropriate selection, utilization, and interpretation of advanced statistical methodologies • Communicate and educate technical and non-technical employees on advanced analytics • Coordinate and interface with appropriate management, communicate with industry and functional groups educating technical and non-technical employees on advanced analytics • Make appropriate decisions and collaborate as a team with minimal level of supervision; perform multiple tasks simultaneously • Develop and maintain internal process and project documentation related to projects Qualifications Basic Qualifications: • M.S. Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Math, or related quantitative field • Minimum 1-2 years advanced analytics university level project work or career experience • Experience with large database platforms (e.g., Teradata, Hadoop, Oracle, Cassandra, etc.) or other similar platforms • Experience with Business Requirements Analysis and Business Intelligence • Ability to coordinate and present accurate information/data in consistent and organized fashion • Demonstrated leadership, initiative, analytical skills, and sound business acumen including the ability to understand and analyze all types of data • Must be able to adjust and work effectively in a dynamic, changing environment • Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to communicate effectively with key organizations and across all levels of management Visit our careers site for a list of the benefits offered in your region in addition to a competitive base salary and strong work/family programs. EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Job : Finance Primary Location : North America-United States-Georgia-Atlanta Schedule : Full-time Apply Now Save this job 