 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> .Net, Agile, CDO, Development, GIT, Hadoop, Hardware, HTTP, Java, Management, OOP, Programming, Source Code, SVN, Telecom Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Big Data Engineer-0061812_P0079159 Description TITLE: Big Data Engineer LOCATION: Atlanta, GA About NCR Corporation NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, turning everyday interactions with businesses into exceptional experiences. With its software, hardware, and portfolio of services, NCR enables nearly 700 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. NCR solutions run the everyday transactions that make your life easier. NCR is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, with approximately 29,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. POSITION SUMMARY &amp; KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY: NCR’s strategy is to transform to a data-driven culture in which large volumes of disparate data drive new revenue opportunities, increase returns on investments, and improve business decisions. You will work in the CDO organization with our Data Lake group. Our team builds the Enterprise Data Lake platform serving analytics for multiple lines of business. We work more like a small startup company. Our development teams are small and embrace agile principles to quickly generate value to our stakeholders. We combine the latest open source technologies together with traditional enterprise software products. Our office culture is casual, fun and social, with an emphasis on education and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn. You will: Participate in collaborative software development and implementation of the new Enterprise Data Lake on Hortonworks HDP and HDF distributions. Explore and evaluate new ideas and technologies. Ensure conceptual and architectural integrity of the platform. Work on large-scale, multi-tier big data engagements. Gain deep technical expertise in the Hadoop administration. Assist in automation of on-premise and cloud (Azure) based Hadoop clusters. Provide support, on-going maintenance, and required modifications to multiple Hadoop environments. Qualifications BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or a related field. Good understanding of distributed computing and big data architectures. Polyglot development : Capable of developing in at least one of the programming language like Java, Scala or Go. Knowledge of OOP design and patterns Strong knowledge of source code repository like SVN/GIT &amp; build tools like Maven Proven use of open source frameworks DevOps: Appreciates the CI and CD model and always builds to ease consumption and monitoring of the system. Experience with Maven (or Gradle) and Git preferred. Familiar with agile development practices Personal qualities such as creativity, tenacity, curiosity, and passion for deep technical excellence. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience working with public clouds like Azure, AWS etc. 1+ year of experience with Big Data technologies such as Spark, Kafka and/or Hadoop Experience in working with un-structured or semi-structured data EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. This concept encompasses but is not limited to human differences with regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, culture and physical ability. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment . Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes . Job : Management Information Svcs Primary Location : North America-United States Other Locations : North America-United States-Georgia-Atlanta Schedule : Full-time Apply Now Save this job 