 Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Excel, HTTP, Matlab, Modeling, Object Oriented Programming, Programming, Protocols, SQL, Statistical Analysis Full Time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Northrop Grumman offers a challenging career opportunity in our Software Engineering team within the Mission Systems sector at our Salt Lake City, UT facility. Working in Northrop Grumman Mission Systems means making a direct contribution to mission projects that keep our homeland safe, expanding the boundaries of possibility and reshaping the world we live in. We are seeking a Data Scientist 4 to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. The Data Scientist creates data mining architectures/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Uses machine learning to create predictive models to forecast complex behaviors. Analysis may have many applications such as to address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for the organization. Requires strong statistical and data visualization skills. Additional responsibilities include: * Develops, implements and maintains the site's variability reduction. * Continuous improvement and problem solving strategies including SPC (Statistical Process Control), PQI (Process Quality Indicators) and 6 Sigma. * Develops, implements and maintains the site's data analytics strategy including software tools, training, data mapping, leveraging data sources and resource plans. * Site wide resource for statistical analysis, data mining, predictive modeling, SPC and DOE (Design of Experiments) execution. * Represents manufacturing requirements for data analytics at the sector level and maintains a close rapport with IT and InfoSec. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree in a STEM related field and 9 years minimum experience in an engineering/technical capacity. * Proven statistical analysis skills and design of experiment (DOE) experience. * SQL based data mining experience beyond Access or Excel and familiarity with data analytics software/tools. * Ability to represent data in a visual format that is meaningful and concise. * Strong technical leadership and communication skills. Preferred Qualifications: * Green belt in Six Sigma with a black belt preferred. * Object oriented programming experience/familiarity. * Passionate about data mining and the quality of the outputs from data mining activity. * Familiarity with R statistical programming, MATLAB experience (Classification Learner, Neural Network and Machine Learning kits). Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. Shift: 1st Shift Relocation Assistance: Yes US Citizenship Required for this Position: No relocation assistance available Business Sector: United States-Utah-Salt Lake City Clearance: Secret Shift: 1st Shift Relocation Assistance: Yes US Citizenship Required for this Position: No relocation assistance available Business Sector: United States-Utah-Salt Lake City Clearance: Secret Clearance: Secret Apply Now Save this job Company Information Northrop Grumman is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems, cyber, C4ISR, and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide. We hold ourselves to a higher standard, both in the products we deliver and in the way we conduct ourselves throughout the entire customer experience. Because, after all, we are in the business of securing a great deal more than just our place in the market. Our mission is to be at the forefront of technology and innovation, delivering superior capability in tandem with maximized cost efficiencies. The security solutions we provide help secure freedoms for our nation as well as those of our allies. Squarely meeting our obligations, fiscally and technologically, isn't just a business goal, but a moral imperative. To that end, as we evolve as a company, the responsibility we feel for our country and the citizens and troops we help support grows with us. 