 Defense Systems, Development, Director, HTTP Full Time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Northrop Grumman is looking for a dynamic, innovative leader to be the Data Analytics Technical Architect for Advanced Defense Systems (ADS) Division. This is a new position and function that requires a strong technology leader within the data analytics space. The preferred location for this position is in Herndon, VA., however, telecommuting may be considered. The role will report directly to the ADS Director of Technology and will provide key support and partnership in defining and shaping the technology roadmap for data analytics. The individual will need to be technical expert in the field while also being business focused. The Technical Architect will also help guide and oversee all Technology and Capability investments within Data Analytics for the Division. The TA should be able to leverage new technology offering across desired market area. Be well versed in product design and transition of solutions from IRAD to product implementation in the customer space. Have the ability to manage several cross cutting initiatives and work collaboratively across the business unit and division teams to execute quality technical solution projects with high returns on investment. Provide technical direction to principle investigators in the design and implementation for advanced system solutions. Provides innovative modernization solutions for existing complex systems. Provides subject matter expertise to proposals and captures. Works with customer, users, and other contractors to understand requirements and architect discriminating solutions The position will work closely with the Strategy organizations, as well as Business Development and the Programs in order to ensure that the technology investments of the Division are in support of future business growth. In addition, this role will help support the Sector Technology Organization to help steer the future technology strategy. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 1. Must possess a Bachelors of Science Degree. 2. Must possess a minimum of 14 Years of direct relevant experience with Bachelors in Science; 12 Years with Masters; 9 Years with PhD. 3. Must possess a current Secret Clearance. 4. Must be a U.S. Citizen. Preferred Qualifications: 1. Demonstrated broad technical expertise including patents/disclosures/relevant technical awards or internal / external publications/presentations. Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. Shift: 1st Shift Relocation Assistance: Yes US Citizenship Required for this Position: No relocation assistance available Business Sector: United States-Virginia-Herndon Clearance: Secret Shift: 1st Shift Relocation Assistance: Yes US Citizenship Required for this Position: No relocation assistance available Business Sector: United States-Virginia-Herndon Clearance: Secret Clearance: Secret Apply Now Save this job Company Information Northrop Grumman is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems, cyber, C4ISR, and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide. We hold ourselves to a higher standard, both in the products we deliver and in the way we conduct ourselves throughout the entire customer experience. Because, after all, we are in the business of securing a great deal more than just our place in the market. Our mission is to be at the forefront of technology and innovation, delivering superior capability in tandem with maximized cost efficiencies. The security solutions we provide help secure freedoms for our nation as well as those of our allies. Squarely meeting our obligations, fiscally and technologically, isn't just a business goal, but a moral imperative. To that end, as we evolve as a company, the responsibility we feel for our country and the citizens and troops we help support grows with us. 