  report writer, data analyst, MYSQL code, reports, charts, dashboards, data extracts, data warehouse, etl systems, Logi Analytics, matlab, Pentaho Spoon, Pentaho Full Time, 365+ 58,000-80,000 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description We hire the best; we hire the right people to do the right things! We are a dynamic, innovative company that excels in an ever-changing industry. If you are excited about the prospect of pursuing personal growth and advancement while offering help to those who need it, then we will welcome your application. JOB TITLE: Report Writer / Data Analyst SUMMARY: Key member of a small IT team and is responsible for developing an in-depth understanding of the underlying data and proper business use to translate end-user report requirements into reporting solutions. Develop MYSQL queries, create reports and complex data analysis; work closely with internal end-users for requirements gathering, analysis, design, testing and development of reports from multiple resources. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and author reports (simple to complex) from multiple data sources that meet business user requirements; perform data validation to ensure data accuracy. Write MYSQL code to implement complex queries for reporting. Work with business team leads and business analysts to design and develop reporting requirements for various business units and present data in appropriate formats, including reports, charts, dashboards, data extracts and Ad Hoc reporting functionality. Monitor reports to optimize or fine-tune slow running reports. Examine and evaluate purpose and content of business reports to develop new reports as well as improve existing format, use and control. Assist in the design, development, test and implementation of data warehouse and ETL systems for BI reporting and analysis. Develop and maintain an in-depth understanding of the use and administration of assigned corporate reporting software tools e.g. Logi, Matlab, Pentaho Spoon. Understand the value of the data and its source, as well as methods for accessing, extracting and cleansing data and be able to verify the information presented is accurate and consistent, through proper testing and validation. Administer the reporting systems including reporting configuration, user rights and security. Create scripts and queries to enable data integration between various data systems. Organize and write required technical and business material using word processing software per establish corporate standards with respect to order, style, terminology and sequencing. Lead the effort to identify unused or duplicate reports and otherwise manage the portfolio of reports. Work independently to find key metrics within the data that can improve HFI's outreach efforts. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Associate degree or higher in a computer or business related discipline with a minimum of 3 years of experience. Bachelor's preferred. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, subject matter experts and developers. Energetic self-starter attitude and the ability to work well in a small team and independently. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. Willingness to take and be accountable for risks. Skilled in presenting information in clear and concise formats using charts, graphs, aggregates, statistical computations, etc. that facilitate the business to make sound decisions. Excellent organizational and planning skills, capable of managing and executing on multiple tasks to meet required deadlines. Ability to think analytically and solve problems. At least two years of programming and/or report generation experience working with report writing tools e.g. Logi. At least two years of experience in SQL and relational databases (MYSQL) When you join us you can look forward to: Medical, Dental, &amp; Vision Coverage Medical &amp; Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) Life Insurance &amp; Buy-Up Options Accidental Death &amp; Long-Term Disability Insurance Paid Time Off: Vacation, Holiday, Sick, Jury Duty and Bereavement 401(k) with Company Match Competitive Pay &amp; Benefits FREE Parking &amp; Shuttle Services to Train Station FREE On-Site Fitness Center On-Site Cafeteria Flexible Work Schedules Discounts Programs for Products &amp; Services 24/7 Employee Assistance Program Professional Development Training Program Employee Referral Bonus Voluntary Insurance Enhancements: Short Term Disability, AFLAC EEO STATEMENT: HFI is strongly committed to diversity and inclusion. We recognize the rich variety of backgrounds, experiences and points of view of a diverse staff that enhances both the quality of the services we provide and the excitement and innovative spirit of our work culture. We are committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal employment opportunity for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability, veteran s status, sexual orientation and/or genetic information. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Eric Hynes 2 Heritage Dr., 7th Floor Quincy, MA, 02171 Contact 