 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> .Net, Algorithms, Analysis, CRM, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Warehouse, GIT, HTTP, Java, Networks, Programming, Research, SQL Full Time, Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Data Engineer - Product REF#: 29524 CBS BUSINESS UNIT: Showtime JOB TYPE: Full-Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full-Time JOB LOCATION: New York, NY, US ABOUT US: SHOWTIME and its critically-acclaimed, award-winning original series continue to make their mark on the cultural landscape, with one of the most successful programming slates in all of television. With an impressive line-up of new and returning original series, the SHOWTIME hit dramas and comedies include HOMELAND, SHAMELESS, BILLIONS, RAY DONOVAN, THE AFFAIR, EPISODES, DICE, the upcoming drama I'M DYING UP HERE, the limited series GUERRILLA and PURITY, and the highly anticipated return of TWIN PEAKS. Original series play a key part in the SHOWTIME programming mix, along with box office hits, comedy and music specials, provocative documentaries, and hard-hitting sports programming, including the flagship franchise SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING(r), the Emmy Award-winning documentary series ALL ACCESS, A SEASON WITH and the Emmy Award-winning veteran series INSIDE THE NFL. Showtime Networks Inc. (SNI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBS Corporation, owns and operates the premium television networks SHOWTIME(r), THE MOVIE CHANNEL and FLIX(r), and also offers SHOWTIME ON DEMAND(r), THE MOVIE CHANNEL ON DEMAND and FLIX ON DEMAND(r), and the network's authentication service SHOWTIME ANYTIME(r). Showtime Digital Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNI, operates the stand-alone streaming service SHOWTIME(r). SNI also manages Smithsonian Networks, a joint venture between SNI and the Smithsonian Institution, which offers Smithsonian Channel, and offers Smithsonian Earth through SN Digital LLC. SNI markets and distributes sports and entertainment events for exhibition to subscribers on a pay-per-view basis through SHOWTIME PPV. For more information, go to www.SHO.com. References Visible links http://www.sho.com/ DESCRIPTION: The Showtime Product team is looking for a curious and creative Data Engineer to help us pursue answers to our increasingly interesting and complex business questions and empower our team to incorporate data-driven features and machine learning into our products, which include our standalone service SHOWTIME and our TV Everywhere service, Showtime Anytime. The big data platform at Showtime is relatively new, but is now being used across the company for critical functions and features like: recommendations, analyzing customer experience, understanding programming consumption's effect on subscriber lifetime, building churn/retention prediction models, and more. In this role, you will work our dedicated Product Analytics team, the Showtime Research and Data Strategy teams, the CRM team and our in-house engineering team, and you will architect and enable technologies, systems and workflows that enable our analysts and data scientists to focus more on algorithms and analyses than on the associated engineering. Ideal candidates will be innovative, self-motivated, a quick study, and willing to develop new skills while constantly improving existing abilities. Key Technologies: Java, Scala, Groovy, Spark, AWS, AWS/EMR, Spring, Mongo, Git, Redis, Bamboo, JIRA etc Responsibilities Develop understanding of key business, product and user questions. Collaborate with other Engineering team members to develop, test and support data-related initiatives. Work with other departments to understand their data needs. Evolve data-driven feature prototypes into production features that scale; streamline feature engineering, so that the underlying data is efficiently extracted. Build flexible data pipelines that we can rapidly evolve as our needs change and capabilities grow. Develop and enhance data warehouse in AWS S3. Employ data mining, segmentation, and other analytical techniques to capture important trends in our user base. QUALIFICATIONS: 3+ years of relevant experience in a comparable data engineering role Expert-level knowledge of SQL/Spark SQL Experience in pursuing and applying data-backed decisions, such as recommendations, trends etc. to make the core product better You like to dive-deep on data analysis or technical issues to come up with effective solutions and are comfortable summarizing key insights graphically when needed You believe in writing code that is easy to understand, test and maintain You thrive in a workplace that values autonomy, applauds ideas and a enjoys a sense of humor #dice EEO STATEMENT: Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Apply Now Save this job 