  Team management, Strategic technology planning, Budget administration, Roadmaps management Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Director, Data &amp; Information Technology New York Philharmonic is seeking an enthusiastic and experienced technology leader who is forward-thinking, a strong communicator, and who understands the significant role systems &amp; technology can play in the successful achievement of NYP s organizational goals. This role reports directly to the VP, Digital and Strategic Initiatives and leads a team of internal and external resources guiding the development and evolution of data strategy and CRM, migration to the cloud, enterprise hardware, and custom applications. RESPONSIBILITIES: Translate business goals into technical strategy in collaboration with VP, Digital and Strategic Initiatives. Act as valued partner with internal teams such as Digital, Marketing, Development, Education, Operations, and Finance. Engage in technology strategy meetings, exhibiting a practical understanding of consumer and corporate digital world and best practices. Oversee third-party developers, vendors, and consultants with internal technology team regarding the development and maintenance of NYP s databases, software, and technology infrastructure. Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analysis in IT systems and resources aligned with NYP strategic vision and goals. Oversee iterative and agile development practices in a fast-paced environment. Source, evaluate, select and oversee vendors to work on technology projects. Serve as face of organizational support for technical interruptions, maintenance, and upgrades. Explore and implement new technologies, systems, and services. QUALIFICATIONS: 10 years or more of relevant work experience within Technology, preferably at an orchestra or performing arts organization. 5 or more years of managerial experience within Technology. Demonstrated leadership in executing against strategic and operational goals by managing workflows and processes, and partnering with key stakeholders. Experience with budgets and schedules to meet corporate requirements. Experience in the management of application and software development. Technical experience in at least one of the following: web development, databases, or networks. Well-versed in development of methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for projects, programs, and people. BS in an Information Technology related field, or equivalent relevant experience. MS preferred. Empathy for end users. CURRENT TECHNOLOGY: Nyphil.org Currently running SiteCore CMS, 2 CDN s (Limelight &amp; Cloudinary), Integrated with Tessitura CMS, and managed behind load balancer. IT is responsible for website infrastructure. Tessitura V 12.5.1 Serves as full CRM for audience and patron data, including fundraising, ticket transactions, and business intelligence. CARLOS an OpenInsight/Arev application that manages Orchestra services, attendance, payroll, media payments, and historical records dating back to 1842. Payroll is exported into Ceridian for final payroll processing. Digital Archives The philharmonic s digital archives is on Hadoop and Ubuntu Linux. Nyphilkids.org Currently running flash games and hosted on WebAir. Ceridian Dayforce for payroll and HR N-Scan Access control for ticket scanning in front of house Solarwinds and Whatsup monitoring Microsoft Exchange v2010 MS Windows 7/10 and Office 2016 migrating to Office 365/Office 2017 Malwarebytes and Symantec Endpoint ProtectionSystem Infrastructure includes: Standardized on Dell desktops and laptops; some Apple devices for specialized functions 99% Virtual on Dell Servers and NetApp Storage Standardized on CISCO switches for Core Miraki Wirelsess Access Points MAAS360 MDM for BYOD Devices NextGen Palo Alto firewalls and VPN Big IP F5 Load balancer In-house server room with dark fiber connection to co-location center for public facing applications and replication. Cyber Security, Seim and Deception Technology PCI v3.2 Qualys Vulnerability Management Tripwire Solarwinds and Whatsup monitoring VM v6.5; Virtual Center Active Directory 2008R2 Microsoft IIS Please send resume to . Please indicate position for which you are applying in the subject line. We regret that we will be unable to respond to each applicant. We will only contact candidates being considered for interviews. No phone calls please. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Apply Now Save this job Posted By Avery Fisher Hall 10, Lincoln Center Plaza New York, NY, 10023 