 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Informatica Data Quality (IDQ), ETL, PowerCenter, DB2, Oracle, Mainframe, and SQL Server databases, UNIX, SQL Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Works with client management to identify and specify business requirements and processes for diverse development platforms, computing environments e.g., host based, distributed systems, client server, software, hardware, technologies and tools. Researches and evaluates alternative solutions and recommends the most efficient and cost effective solution for the systems design. Formulates logical statements of business problems and devises, tests and implements efficient, cost effective application program solutions e.g., codes and or reuses existing code through the use of program development software alternatives and or integrates purchased solutions. May give some direction and guidance to other systems analysts programmers. Prepares charts, tables and diagrams to assist in analyzing problems, utilizing various business, scientific, engineering and mathematical techniques. Analyzes existing system and programming logic to provide more efficient machine operations or to identify difficulties, and revises the logic and procedures involved as necessary. Performs related duties as assigned or requested. May contribute towards application availability, health checks, and business continuation with a sense of urgency. May also assist with incident and problem resolution. Works independently, receives minimal guidance. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience. Solves complex problems takes a new perspective using existing solutions. 5 + years overall hands on Informatca Data Quality (IDQ) development experience using version 9.x, 10.x within a structured systems development life cycle Strong understanding on Data Profiling / Data Analyst tool. Skilled and experienced in Informatica ETL tool suite including PowerCenter designer, workflow, monitoring and repository services Proficient with Informatica ETL Integration using DB2, Oracle, Mainframe, and SQL Server databases Understanding of reusability, parameterization, and workflow design concepts Performs technical walk-through as needed to communicate design/coded solution and to seek input from team members. Strong UNIX and SQL skills Informatica Admin experience is a plus Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills. Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skills preferred Willingness to be available off hours on occasion to support production tasks as needed Ability to work independently or within a team for problem resolution Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office tool set Experience working in Financial services industry environment a plus Apply Now Save this job 