  SQL Full Time - Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Build distributed, scalable, and reliable data pipelines that ingest and process data at scale and in real-time. Collaborate with other teams to design and develop and deploy data tools that support both operations and product use cases. Own product features from the development phase through to production deployment. Troubleshoot data issues, deep dive into root cause analysis, recommend, test and implement solutions Develop and document technical requirements and solutions Participate in design and code reviews Troubleshoot issues making recommendations and delivering on those recommendations BS in Computer Science or related area Around 8 years software development experience Minimum 5 years of active SQL development, Performance tuning, Data Modeling and design preferably in Oracle. Minimum 1-2 Year Experience on Cloud computing, AWS preferable. Strong automation skills using Python and Ansible is highly preferred Good analytical and programming experience with Java, Oracle, SQL Flair for data, schema, data model, how to bring efficiency in big data related life cycle Proficiency with agile or lean development practices Strong object-oriented design and analysis skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Top skill sets / technologies in the ideal candidate: Required: Database Oracle 11g / 12c, complex SQL queries, performance tuning concepts, Backups, Recovery, DR, BCP Programming language -- Java, Python, SQL AWS -- RDS, EC2, RedShift, S3 and others. AWS cloud Data migration, AWS Security NoSQL -- HBase, MongoDB, Cassandra, Riak ETL Tools -- Data Stage, Informatica Code/Build/Deployment -- Ansible, Git, SVN, Maven, sbt, Jenkins, Bamboo, Terraform Desired: AWS Associate / Solution Architect certified Batch processing -- Hadoop MapReduce, Cascading/Scaling, Apache Spark, AWS EMR Stream processing -- Spark streaming, Apache Storm, Flink Excellent communication and decision making skills are essential. Strong analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills. Zeal to lean new technologies, frameworks and appetite for growth Identify project risks and recommend mitigation efforts. Identify project issues, communicate them and assist in their resolution. Assist in continuous improvement efforts in enhancing project team methodology and performance. Cooperative team focused attitude Apply Now Save this job 