 Project Management, data modeling, SQL Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description SUMMARY This position oversees Data Warehouse (DW) and Business Intelligence (BI) projects and resources (SQL Programmers, and Administrators of user reporting tools), in the Systems Development department of IT. It focuses on DW/BI people and projects, and serves as a liaison to internal business departments by performing the following duties and responsibilities: ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Lead and direct the work of the IT staff members who support DW/BI. Write and conduct Performance Reviews for team members. Develop and implement information management strategies related to DW/BI. Scope, plan, coordinate, and prioritize multiple DW/BI projects, in response to user and IT requests. Compile technical requirements from business users and implement end-to-end BI projects. Supervise all aspects of the Data Warehouse such as data sourcing, migration, quality, design, and implementation. Oversee the Business Intelligence solution including its architecture, reporting strategy, data quality and overall value to the Users. Facilitate technical design meetings and decisions. SUPERVISORY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Direct reports will include the Data Warehouse staff. This position helps in defining their overall direction, coordination and evaluation. It accomplishes supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing; hiring; training; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving personnel issues. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Requires a Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field, with at least 3 years of supervisory experience in Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence. Familiar with a variety of the DW/BI concepts, design, practices, procedures, and tools. Strong SQL experience and significant usage of a Reporting/Query tool along with relational databases. Experience with MicroStrategy is preferred. Possesses excellent analytical abilities and able to partner with internal customers/users to drive positive business results. Creativity is a primary skill for this position. Project Management experience is key to be successful in this role, following a project life cycle process. Must be extremely organized with a strong sense of priority, urgency, and commitment to deadlines. Strong communication skills are important, with the ability to communicate directly to IT management, direct reports, and business managers. Effectively present, negotiate, influence, and build consensus. Background with database theory and practice, combined with hands-on experience in data warehousing concepts and technology. Experience with Oracle and SQL Server databases is preferred. Experience with process and data modeling, analyzing business requirements and translating written architecture, design, and functional specifications. ABOUT US We are an employee-oriented company offering a wide array of benefits including: * Comprehensive Medical, Dental, Vision, and Rx Insurance * Profit Sharing * 401(k) with company match * Health Club and Tuition reimbursement * Flexible Spending Account * Life Insurance Policy--Company Paid * Short Term Disability--Company Paid * Paid Personal/Sick Days * Employee Discounts * Paid Holidays and Vacation Days * Referral Bonuses And that's not all. At Summit Racing, we realize that a pleasant and fun working environment can be just as rewarding as material benefits. We do fun things like Fourth of July company cookouts, Christmas luncheons, jeans days, and donut days. It just goes to show you that you can have the best of both worlds--the material benefits of a bigger company and the caring and values of a smaller business. That's what makes Summit Racing unique. Apply Now Save this job Posted By 1200 Southeast Avenue Tallmadge, OH, 44278 