 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description S&amp;P Global CorporateThe Role: Lead Technical Collibra Developer - Data GovernanceThis position requires a diverse background to support the Information Management, Business Intelligence, and Analytics IT Corporate function. A significant concentration of our candidate?s workload will be the development and support of our Data Governance platform and framework. As a Data Governance Functional and Technical Analyst, you will assist with all major project initiatives, enhancements, analysis, and day-to-day support. This role will require a flexible, agile approach to meet our changing business needs, along with practical hands-on experience in Data Quality; Metadata Management; Data Warehousing; Master Data Management; and knowledge of data content in the Human Resource and Finance functions.The Location: New Jersey, NYThe Team: The team, through its deep expertise in various technologies, fosters knowledge sharing, and collaboration that results in a unified group strategy. Each of our team members is committed to making a genuine impact with the work that we do. We play a vital role?to help uncover the data governance ?essential intelligence? drivers that support our business partners to make the key business decisions that have a meaningful impact on the business.The Impact: S&amp;P Global has started its journey to leverage the usage of the Enterprise Data Governance technical architecture companywide. This platform will expand into a central foundation for integrating core S&amp;P Global business data from internal and external systems. Additionally, it will create a collaborative working partnership between Enterprise Services IT function and the Chief Data Offices from Corporate and other Operating Companies (e.g. S&amp;P Global Ratings) to manage the quality and integrity of governed data in a unified fashion. What?s in it for you: We see this position as evolving over time with the candidate driving new opportunities to expand the common enterprise data governance platform, working closely with CDO and business groups. In the near term, the candidate will work with data steward teams to implement and support the platform for Lead to Cash program and S&amp;P Global Ratings business unit. In the long term, the data governance domains will be expanded into the Finance, Human Resource, and other business functions with the ultimate goal to create a data governance platform that is applied to Cross Functional Reporting, Predictive Analytics, MDM, and the Corporate Data Warehouse.Responsibilities:Collibra Development and Support: Enhance the underlying meta-model to meet ongoing technical requirements Develop new workflows and enhance existing workflows for the data governance community. Integrate S&amp;P Global systems with data governance functionality (e.g. data quality, metadata management) Configure dashboards and reports based on business requirements. Ensure uninterrupted global production and service operations Consolidate business requirements, create technical artifacts, and lead enterprise solution design activities Participate in the development of the data governance architecture. Data Governance Business Support: Assist in creating strategic data governance objectives to support data governance framework Partner with CDO team/Business Analysts in understanding and converting business requirements into solutions Coordinate with the groups of business users who test, validate and evaluate new functionality Conduct training sessions to import/ export data assets into Collibra Support operating model and configuration idea sessions Identify impacts to downstream systems based on end user requests. Informatica Development: Design and develop ETL processes using (e.g. Mappings, Mapplets, and Workflows) Design and develop data services and data integration using ICRT/ICS technologies Integrate external application API?s using Informatica Cloud Real Time (ICRT) services and processes Strong knowledge in Data Quality, Data Profiling, Scorecards, Data Quality Metrics, Metadata Manager Oracle/ Data Warehousing Development: Experience in the developing complex Queries, Views, Trigger, Functions and Procedures using SQL/PLSQL. Development and design work experience in Data Warehouse development life cycle development What We?re Looking For: Strong knowledge in Collibra DGC Operating Model, Administration, and MuleSoft using Collibra Connect Implementation experience in working with Collibra Java API?s using Mule ESB AnyPoint Studio Hands-on expertise in complex BPMN diagrams using Eclipse Activiti plugin Development experience with scripting language, such as Groovy script Strong knowledge of Informatica Tool suite including: PowerCenter, Cloud Services (ICS), ICRT, IMM, and IDQ Good understanding of JSON and REST programming Strong knowledge of RDBMS development ? Oracle, SQL Server, and Postgresql. Well versed in developing complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Table Joins, Views. Experience in Data Warehouse implementations and Data Visualization tools. Working knowledge in Agile (Scrum) methodology Familiarity in Tomcat server, Maestro scheduler, PVCS, and Github Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems or Engineering is required 5+ years technical experience in data governance integrations using Collibra, Collibra Connect, Informatica workflow development using Cloud services 5+ years experience in developing API?s/ETL processes using Informatica PowerCenter, ICS, ICRT Cloud Services; knowledge of Informatica IMM and IDQ is preferred Ability to collaborate with business and technology teams to create scalable data governance architectures and solutions meeting the business and technology strategies Experience facilitating Functional Design and Technical Design for reports, interfaces, conversions, extensions. Strong knowledge of business applications Salesforce, Zuora, Oracle EBS R12 Financials Ability to conduct user requirements gathering workshops, identify both functional and technical requirements and design business solutions that meet the user requirements Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Must be able to effectively interact with Chief Data Office (CDO), developers, senior system designers, and internal functional staffs About S&amp;P GlobalAt S&amp;P Global, we don?t give you intelligence?we give you essential intelligence. The essential intelligence you need to make decisions with conviction. We?re the world?s foremost provider of ratings, benchmarks and analytics in the global capital and commodity markets. Our divisions include: S&amp;P Global Ratings, which provides credit ratings, research and insights essential to driving growth and transparency. S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, which provides insights into companies, markets and data so that business and financial decisions can be made with conviction. S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices, the world?s largest resource for iconic and innovative indices, which helps investors pinpoint global opportunities. S&amp;P Global Platts, which equips customers to identify and seize opportunities in energy and commodities, stimulating business growth and market transparency. To all recruitment agencies: S&amp;P Global does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward such resumes to any S&amp;P Global employee, office location or website. S&amp;P Global will not be responsible for any fees related to such resumes.S&amp;P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: Click here to Apply and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law. Apply Now Save this job 