  Data Management, Data Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Applied Physics, Econometrics, UX/UI Design / Data Visualization Full Time $60,613 - $161,900 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Cover Letter Applicants are NOT required to submit a cover letter. The entire cover letter cannot exceed the specified limits provided in the Cover Letter field (3,000 characters). Pages exceeding this limit will not be considered. The cover letter is recommended but is not required for employment consideration with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Applicants should place their narrative information in the Cover Letter / Other Professional Details field. Pay, Benefits, &amp; Work Schedule PROMOTION OPPORTUNITY: Promotion opportunities allow applicants at all band levels to be considered. Qualifications for NGA positions do not include specific time-in-band requirements. NGA will emphasize quality of experience, rather than duration, and assess how the quality of the experience demonstrates possession of the knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies necessary for successful job performance in the NGA occupational structure. Band 03 $60,613 - $123,234 Band 04 $86,391 - $145,629 Band 05 $120,083 - $161,900 PERMANENT CHANGE IN STATION: PCS expenses are authorized. Pay is only part of the compensation you will earn working for the Federal Government. We offer a broad array of benefits programs and family friendly flexibilities to meet the needs of you and your family. For more information on the array of benefits programs, please visit https://www.intelligencecareers.gov/nga/ngabenefits.html Duties ONLY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Additional Position Info NGA seeks Data Engineers who understands data, how to view it, manipulate it, influence it and analyze it to support missions such as National Intelligence, National Security, Military Operations, Military Planning, and Disaster Relief and Preparedness for a diverse audience including the Department of Defense, the Intelligence Community, and senior US and foreign government officials up to and including The United States Congress and the President of the United States. The Data Engineer will be part of a multi-disciplinary team constructed to use design and computational thinking to find scalable solutions to the Agency's most challenging and highest priority problems sets. Band 03: Data Engineers develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures such as databases and large-scale data processing systems. They clean, prepare, and optimize data for consumption through the design and construction of massive reservoirs for big data. They solve moderately complex problems associated with database access and integration and unstructured data sets to provide clean, usable data for customers and IT counterparts. These engineers serve as integrators between data architects, data scientists, and other data consumers. They apply broad knowledge of scripting tools, programming languages, standards, and software packages to build the data pipelines that enable faster, better, data-informed decision-making within the Agency. * Utilize a variety of languages and tools (e.g., scripting languages) to build data pipelines to pull together information from different source systems * Collaborate with data architects, modelers, and IT team members on project goals; ensure systems meet Agency requirements and industry practices * Design, construct, install, test, and maintain highly scalable data management systems * Develop data set processes for data discovery, modeling, mining, and production Band 04: Data Engineers lead efforts to develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures such as databases and large-scale data processing systems. They clean, prepare, and optimize data for consumption through the design and construction of massive reservoirs for big data. They solve complex problems associated with database access and integration and unstructured data sets to provide clean, usable data for customers and IT counterparts. These engineers serve as integrators between data architects, data scientists, and other data consumers. They apply comprehensive knowledge of scripting tools, programming languages, standards, and software packages to research emerging technologies, and define and build the data pipelines that enable faster, better, data-informed decision-making within the Agency * Integrate data management technologies and software engineering tools into data management systems * Design, build, and test algorithms, prototypes, predictive models, and proof of concepts Band 05: Data Engineers oversee and guide the development, construction, testing, and maintenance of architectures such as databases and large-scale data processing systems. They clean, prepare, and optimize data for consumption through the design and construction of massive reservoirs for big data. They oversee and direct solutions to various levels of problems associated with database access integration and unstructured data sets to provide clean, usable data for customers and IT counterparts. These engineers serve as an advisor for the relationship between data architects, data engineers, and data scientists. They apply expert knowledge of scripting tools, programming languages, standards, and software packages to research emerging technologies and facilitate innovation in the construction of data pipelines that enable faster, better, data-informed decision-making within the Agency. * Maintain robust internal network and facilitate collaboration with data architects, modelers, and IT team members on project goals * Identify and recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality in existing data management systems; advise regarding feasibility of integrating emerging data management systems * Serve as advisor regarding data management technologies, software engineering tools, and facilitate the innovation of systems and tools Highly Desired Skills 1) Education: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Physical Sciences, or any other technology related field; 2) Experience: Software Coding: C++ Java, AND/OR Statistics &amp; Modeling: R, Python, AND/OR Query Languages: SQL, NoSQL, AND/OR Scripting: JavaScript, Python, Cloud Services Design, Algorithm Development, Data Visualization, Big Data /Data Modeling, Machine Vision &amp; Deep Learning, Optimization. How To Apply - External Application submission involves applying using the Intelligence Community's Applicant Gateway on-line application process. ONLY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Notes - U.S. Citizenship Required - Security Clearance (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information) - Polygraph Test Required - Position Subject to Drug Testing - Two Year Probationary Period - Direct Deposit Required How Will I Be Evaluated? APPLICANT EVALUATION PROCESS: Applicants will be evaluated for this job opportunity in three stages: 1) All applicants will be evaluated using the Mandatory Qualification Criteria, 2) Qualified applicants will then be evaluated by an expert or panel of experts using a combination of qualification criteria to determine the best-qualified candidates, 3) Best-qualified applicants may then be further evaluated through an interview process. Applicants are encouraged to carefully review the Assignment Description, Additional Information Provided By the Selecting Official, and the Qualification Requirements; and then construct their resumes to highlight their most relevant and significant experience and education for this job opportunity. This description should include examples that detail the level and complexity of the performed work. Applicants are encouraged to provide any education information referenced in the announcement. If education is listed as a mandatory requirement, only degrees obtained from an institution accredited by an accrediting organization recognized by the Secretary, US Department of Education will be accepted. In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e., retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.) All candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. DCIPS Disclaimer NGA utilizes all processes and procedures of the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). Non-executive NGA employees are assigned to five distinct pay bands based on the type and scope of work performed. The employee's base salary is established within their assigned pay band based on their unique qualifications. A performance pay process is conducted each year to determine a potential base pay salary increase and/or bonus. An employee's annual performance evaluation is a key factor in the performance pay process. Employees on term or temporary appointments are not eligible to apply for internal assignment opportunity notices. This position is a DCIPS position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are an external applicant claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must self-identify your eligibility in your application. This position is funded by the National Intelligence Program (NIP). Additional Job Requirements You must be able to obtain and retain a Top Secret security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information. In addition, you are subject to a Counterintelligence Polygraph examination in order to maintain access to Top Secret information. All employees are subject to a periodic examination on a random basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Refusal to take the examination may result in denial of access to Top Secret information, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. Employees with SCI access and who are under NGA cognizance are required to submit a Security Financial Disclosure Report, SF-714, on an annual basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Failure to comply may negatively impact continued access to Top Secret information, Information Systems, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. Apply Now Save this job 