 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description The IT Advisory practice assists with various internal audit, external audit, and consulting clients by bringing in-depth knowledge and skills around technology and information systems. As part of the RSM?s IT Risk Advisory Services practice, team members perform controls designs/assessments, segregation of duties assessments, ERP security vulnerability assessments, and also provide data-based insights to clients using data analytics. IT Advisory is also expanding capabilities in the area of audit and risk analytics and automation. To this end, IT Advisory helps clients develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize audit efficiency and quality. Within IT Advisory, the IT Advisory/Data Analytics Senior Associate is responsible for scoping, designing, developing and deploying systems that enable data analytic processing for auditors, investigators, and compliance professionals. Responsibilities: Work with management to identify and prioritize opportunities to automate audit operations and internal controls testing within the firm as well as within client organizations. Conduct business analysis with Subject Matter Experts to obtain and document data analytic requirements and business rules to implement via analytics. Facilitate development of data analytic test ideas and potential approaches both individually and within a team environment. Coordinate with IT or business resources to locate internal and external data for analysis, understand data, and make data requests or direct connections to databases. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain audit marts of risk and control data. Develop and adhere to technical best practices for data mapping, data transformations, data joining/blending, data quality, data cleansing, and other data movement related activities. Develop and document technical specification for the flow of data to and from integrated information systems and other disparate data feeds. Process data and interpret results using quantitative techniques and provide ongoing reports. Develop visualization, dashboards and scripts, using agile development methodology ?Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Assist non-technical staff and clients with interpreting data analytic results. Validate results and address false positives. Document data mapping and analytic procedures for audit work papers and end users. Troubleshoot dashboards and scripts, as necessary. Coach/mentor junior or client staff on data analytic techniques. Enhance IT Advisory?s current data analytics development methodology as it relates to risk and control testing. Help to maintain IT Advisory?s multiple data analytics tools and provide related client installation support. Coordinate our IT Advisory services to our RSM Delivery Center. Develop and maintain strong relationships with centers of influence and professionals. Position Requirements: Deep understanding of risk and control issues, and experience with multiple other ERPs such as Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards Experience with SOX, COSO, COBIT and other related controls methodology and frameworks Experience developing and maintaining CAATs scripts and dashboards (additional tools are a plus) Experience working with clients in multiple industries Experience coaching and training others on data analysis Understanding basic accounting, operations and auditing concepts and reporting skills Strong analytical mindset and communication skills Proactive, inquisitive and creative in approach to work Travel throughout the Southeast region is expected Education and Experience: Undergraduate degree in MIS, Computer Science, Statistics, Data Analytics or Accounting, or equivalent level of education Minimum of 2 years of professional experience in public accounting, audit or relevant compliance industry experience Minimum of 2 years extracting large database tables from ERPs for offline analysis, using technologies such as ACL DirectLink, dab:Exporter, IDEA Smart Exporter, Rapid SQL and/or Toad Minimum of 2 years of scripting using industry standard data analysis technologies such as SAS, ACL, IDEA, Arbutus, Alteryx, and SQL. Minimum of 1 year developing dashboards using Excel, PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik, SAP Lumira or similar technology Preferred: Experience with additional frameworks such as ITIL, ISO, NIST, HIPAA, or FDA is a plus. Business development experience for ERP risk and controls solutions is a plus Certifications: CISA required; CIA, CFE, and/or CPA are preferred, but not required Certifications in one or more data analysis technologies such as ACL, IDEA, SAS, and Tableau are preferred, but not required Standards of Performance: Data stewardship ? Maintain confidentiality, integrity and availability of information with your custody A self-starter with a process improvement mentality who is hands on, results-oriented, and leads by example A strong entrepreneurial spirit with the highest levels of professional and personal honestly, integrity and ethics Excellent organizational skills and the ability to prioritize multiple tasks, projects and assignments Ability to interact with all levels of client staff, including executives and senior managers Possess strong business ethics and willingness to adhere to stringent professional standards Ability to put forth additional effort to meet deadlines when necessary You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective.Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood.RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans. Apply Now Save this job Company Information 