  signal processing, algorithms, C++, Matlab, PCA analysis, Markov models, machine learning, DNA sequencing, regression analysis, electrical engineering, computational biology, physics, mathematics, sta Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description At GenapSys we are working to change the world of healthcare and diagnostics.Our team brings together an incredibly diverse and multidisciplinary set of backgrounds and skills – from electrical and mechanical engineers, to physicists, chemists, microfluidic engineers, molecular biologists, bioinformaticians, mathematicians, data scientists and more. Together we will advance scientific and medical knowledge and improve human health through cheaper, faster, and more accurate DNA sequencing technologies. We’re looking for talented and passionate team players to join our fast-paced startup company. Specifically, we are looking for an exceptional Ph.D level candidate who has experience in Signal Processing and Data Analysis with a strong track record or extensive publication list and proven product development record in either academic or industry settings. If you want to help change the current paradigm of DNA sequencing and contributor to the GenapSys vision and goals this job is for you! Responsibilities Develop signal processing algorithms to extract information from many biomedical sensors Develop DNA sequencing base calling algorithms Develop DOE (design of experiments) for troubleshooting and failure mode analysis Perform in-depth data analysis and present results and conclusions for characterization and modeling of a complex physical system on a chip Present written and oral reports and proposals to peers and management Required Qualifications PhD level candidate in electrical engineering, computational biology, physics, mathematics, statistics. 4+ years of experience either as a postdoc or in industry after receiving PhD degree. Expert in signal processing algorithm development. Expert in Matlab, C/C++ . Working knowledge of regression analysis, statistical estimation and signal detection theories. Experienced in implementing clustering algorithms, PCA analysis and Markov models. Familiar with data analysis and characterization of physical systems. Has the ability to model, simulate and validate dynamic systems. Machine learning experience is a big plus. Innovative, driven, results-oriented and methodical with a successful track record. Detail oriented with strong documentation skills. Strong team player who is flexible, adaptable and the ability to collaborate within a multidisciplinary organization. Ability to manage work within tight timelines. Benefits &amp; Perks Competitive compensation and stock options Anthem Blue Cross PPO and Kaiser Medical (including for dependents) Excellent Dental and Vision through Guardian Fully sponsored Life, Short and Long-term Disability insurance FSA, 401(k) retirement plan Stocked kitchen and beverages, daily catered gourmet lunches Weekly Fancy High Tea and Happy Hours Free complex onsite gym membership Learning and growth opportunities About GenapSys At GenapSys, we are developing a DNA-sequencing technology that will revolutionize the world of healthcare. Our system will enable fast, accurate, and ultra-low cost genetic tests in order to better understand (and ultimately treat) genetic diseases such as Cancer, Parkinson’s, Diabetes, and Alzheimers, just to name a few. GenapSys was founded by Dr. Hesaam Esfandyarpour, and incubated over 6 years (2004-2010) at Stanford University. The company was incorporated in early 2010 and is funded by leading firms in both venture and institutional capital. We have built an incredible team of scientists, engineers, and business professionals – join our team and be part of the adventure! GenapSys, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. JUST A NOTE Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: Genapsys does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any Genapsys employee. Genapsys will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of Genapsys. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Debra Horen 200 Cardinal Way, 3rd Floor Redwood City, CA, 94063 Contact 