 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Agile, Analysis, Architecture, Business Intelligence, C#, Customer Service, Data Analysis, Database, Developer, Development, Hadoop, Java, Library, Lifecycle, Manager, Management, Metrics, Oracle, Python, Recruiter, Release, Source Code, SQL, Teradata, Windows Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description What you'll be doing... The Senior Product Manager, Data Library and Metrics will be responsible for driving continuous improvement in our engineering data systems. Your team will be architecting the end to end data engineering and analytics systems used by an incredibly talented engineering organization to design, develop, test, and deploy software on the Web, on Windows and Mac Desktops, on Servers, and on Mobile devices; software that interfaces with dozens of different database platforms. The successful candidate will thrive in a constantly evolving business environment and work well with cross functional teams. They will use their data analysis skills and expertise in planning solutions to complex software development system challenges and are comfortable and confident presenting results to senior leadership. They will be able to quickly analyze large data sets to identify complex patterns and relationships resulting in operational solutions to real engineering problems. This role offers an opportunity to make business-critical decisions that will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of a large software development organization. Tableau is all about helping people see and understand their data, and in this role, you will help Tableau engineers use data to improve and optimize the engineering workflow, product quality and system infrastructure. You will drive the design and implementation of elegant, scalable, and performant database schemas that answer the tough questions about engineering processes and progress. Some of the things you'll be doing include... Develop an effective high level backlog of Database design and development features with a good understanding of the various systems and services involved in Software source code management, building, and releasing. Drive progress in the design and implementation of a scalable data acquisition and processing pipeline in support of engineering systems. Support teams developing databases in a host of technologies and formats in support of development and test Actively participate in the Agile development process as an Agile Product Owner for database development deliverables Effectively establish team priorities and handle a steady stream of unplanned engineering support work Analyze data regarding the engineering processes utilized by your team; understand and learn from past mistakes; achieve a state of constant improvement in planning and delivery. Be a champion of data-driven engineering at Tableau Collaborate with other engineers and other engineering groups Contribute to the organizational goals and objectives Who you are... A Leader. Ability to work with a variety of stakeholders, mentor junior resources, and effectively handle multiple tasks/deadlines with success. An Influencer. You are skilled in managing by influence rather than through authority or position. Exceptional Communicator. Ability to interact with confidence with other Product Managers, Development Managers, Engineers, and Executives. Ability to convey with clarity the progress and challenges of the database engineering team. You have a broad understanding of the technologies of database development and analysis and can present with deep understanding of the technical challenges. Service Minded. Customer‐oriented with a passion for providing a delightful user experience. Passion for improving engineering outcomes through Big Data and Analytics. Domain. You have likely been a database developer in the past. You have a strong background in building solutions for extracting information and decisions from data. You have a good understanding of the systems and services associated with the creation of software products: source code management, build systems, test systems, and software release to both the web and on desktops and servers. You likely have basic SQL scripting skills and a good understanding of ETL. You have a strong understanding of traditional Data Warehousing principles and architecture. Highly Technical. Experienced in Program/Product management of developing databases and ETL. You have a strong understanding of the software development lifecycle and the data and metrics associated with measuring the performance and reliability of engineering systems supporting development of Applications for Windows, Macintosh, and the cloud. Experience with source code control systems, continuous integration, and build grids. Educated. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or engineering is required. An advanced degree from a highly respected academic institution is strongly preferred. Experienced . 2+ years of data engineering and analytics development, using SQL, Oracle, Teradata or other major databases followed by 5+ years of Program/Product management in a database development organization. Experience implementing big data systems in Hadoop and/or Spark is a plus. Knowledge in application development using PYTHON, Java or C# preferred . Experience with Spark and Map Reduce is preferred . You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world.​ Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Apply Now Save this job 