  MDM, ETL, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft SSIS, Oracle, Flat file, Data modeling, Data analysis Full Time See position info Telecommuting not available Travel required to 10%. Job Description Purpose : To ensure effective and secure data usage, implement business intelligence tools, and integrate applications supporting the goals and strategies of the Nebraska Department of Education (NDE). Additionally, this position is responsible for leading the transformation of data systems to support teaching and learning in Nebraska. SALARY RANGE: $60,401.12 - $90,000.00 A salary offer will be extended within the range based on the available budget funds and the selected candidate's skills, abilities, education and experience. Current resume and cover letter are requested. Determines database structural requirements by analyzing operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with clients; evaluating current systems; Develops database solutions by designing proposed system; defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, security, back-up, and recovery specifications. Installs database systems by developing flowcharts; applying optimum access techniques; coordinating installation actions; documents actions. Maintains database performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases; completing maintenance; answering user questions. Prepares users by conducting training. Provides database support by coding utilities, responding to user questions, and resolving problems. Analyzes competitive market strategies through analysis of related product, market, or share trends. Performs supervisory duties to ensure a safe, respectful, and productive work environment. Delegates to team members, as appropriate, programmatic and administrative work responsibilities and functions. Possesses a valid driver s license, travels independently, and works in a variety of settings. Maintains regular and reliable attendance. Other Duties and Responsibilities : Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results. Extent of Public Contact : This position requires extensive contact with NDE staff, school officials, and the general public. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Bachelor s degree in a related field such as computer science, computer engineering, or management information systems and three years of experience related to the essential functions of the position. Any equivalent education and\or work experience may be substituted in order to meet the minimum qualifications of the position. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS : Master s degree in a related field, experience specific to Business Intelligence implementation and supports and with project management approaches such as Agile and Waterfall (Traditional). IT Certifications with Microsoft, SAP Software, or Oracle. Knowledge and Abilities : KNOWLEDGE: Design techniques, principles, tools, and instruments. Principles, methods, and procedures for designing, developing, optimizing, and integrating new or reusable system components. Software system testing procedures, programming, and documentation infrastructure requirements. Master Data Management (MDM) projects and solutions. Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to Microsoft SQL Server by using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS). Systems engineering concepts and factors. Replication, clustering, and load balancing procedures. Principles and processes involved in business and organizational planning, coordination, and execution. Principles and processes for providing customer service. Conceptual, logical, and physical database design for Online Transaction Processing and Online analytical processing systems. Database management principles and methodologies including data structures, data modeling, data warehousing, and transaction processing. Best practices for data modeling, database programming, job scheduling, and ETL package dependencies. Data analysis, business analysis, user requirement gathering, user requirement analysis, gap analysis, gathering metadata, data cleansing, data transformations, requirement analysis, gap analysis, gathering metadata, data cleansing, data transformations, data relationships, source systems analysis, and reporting analysis. Enterprise Business Intelligence Data Presentation strategy ad hoc reports, standard reports, dashboard, Key Performance Indicator solution, cubes, etc. Enterprise data warehouse and operational data store architectures. Formats used in written business communications. English grammar, spelling, and composition needed for correspondence. Computer software necessary to carry out job responsibilities. Types and uses of office equipment. Office management principles, methods, and procedures. Established policies, procedures, practices of the Nebraska Department of Education. ABILITIES: Apply logical problem solving and identify discrepancies. Analyze information and organize into a meaningful pattern. Work independently with limited supervision. Provide guidance to non-technical employees regarding data analytic problems. Prepare project plans, monitor work progress, and prepare progress reports. Investigate, evaluate, and select tools and methods for improving productivity and software quality throughout the life cycle. Lead other employees and teams conducting independent validation and verification of applications software. Communicate orally and in writing with agency staff and the public. Establish and maintain effective working relationships. Understand, interpret, and apply rules, administrative policies, and program guidelines. Operate office equipment necessary to perform the required duties. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Jasmine Lionberger 301 Centennial Mall South Lincoln, NE, 68509 