 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> SQL, ETL, Tableau, Python Full Time 80,000-95,000 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Are you looking for a unique employee experience where you can apply your passion for business intelligence and data solutions to drive performance, growth and learnings? WeddingWire’s data team is seeking a data engineer with multidisciplinary experience utilizing technologies ranging from low level ruby, python and shell coding to enterprise ETL and Business Intelligence reporting tools such as Talend and Tableau. This key role will develop, implement and provide the data and information needed for WeddingWire to compete globally as the leading data-driven software product company in the events industry. ABOUT THE ROLE: Extract, transform and load data from global WeddingWire sites and other sources to our DataWarehouse and datamarts for the consumption of our end users Design and develop solutions for integration between disparate systems which include cloud-based sources such as Salesforce and ExactTarget Create dynamic dashboards and reports to help visualize trends and forecasts Maintain current ETL processes and resolve daily ETL job failures as they arise Resolve Ad-hoc data questions from the organization in a timely and accurate manner Continuously improve on current ETL processes to ensure accuracy, timeliness and scalability as data volumes grow Document build processes and front end reporting solutions SUCCESSFUL DATA ENGINEERING CANDIDATES HAVE: A minimum of 2+ years experience with SQL development, specifically with a strong programming experience and a demonstrated interest in reporting, statistical analysis, informatics, analytics and business intelligence An understanding and hands-on experience with at least one of the following Databases: MYSQL, PostgreSQL, Redshift, MSSQL An analytical mind with the ability to conduct research and make recommendations on BI requirements, products and services across all leadership levels A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field; an advanced degree or professional licensing is a plus. IT'S A BONUS IF: You’re knowledgeable on database schema design and architecture The fast pace excites you and you thrive in variety. You keep your cool when things get a little hectic. You demonstrate self-confidence, energy and enthusiasm. You pay attention to details and take pride in thoughtful work. You are self-motivated, manage your own time and use down time to be proactive. You multi-task, but prioritize tasks by urgency and importance. You’re comfortable collaborating with all levels of management. You ask "what if?" and then like to use your resources to find the answers. You have strong written and oral communication skills. You understand and uphold confidentiality. WHY WEDDINGWIRE? Our Amazing Team! Our team is led by the industry’s top leaders. We are a supportive team that wants every employee to succeed. WeddingWire employees are deeply proud to work here and are eager to onboard employees who want to promote the mission of our organization and achieve our business objectives. Training &amp; Development! WeddingWire provides each employee with company orientation during week one. From there, each team onboards and trains each employee specific to their role. We also provide continuous education and other learning opportunities for the broader team through guest speakers, Leadership Development and Managers Certification Programs and crash courses. Award-winning Culture! We are proud to have been selected by numerous organizations as one of DC's Best Places to Work! We strongly believe in promoting a unique employee experience and that happy employees lead to happy customers: our competitive advantage! We make significant investments in cultivating our culture, which consistently ranks the highest attribute of working for WeddingWire on our internal and external employee surveys. OUR PERKS: Unlimited Vacation - Cutting-edge technologies - Casual attire - Commuting Allowances - Stipends for Professional Development for Every Employee - Give-Back Programs with Matched Donations - Full Menu of Health Benefits - Matched 401(k) Plan - Flexible work schedules - Monthly events - Catered breakfast every morning - Company-sponsored team outings - Monthly catered lunches - State of the Art Facility ABOUT US: WeddingWire, Inc. is the leading global online marketplace connecting consumers with events and creative professionals. Operating within a $200 billion industry, WeddingWire, Inc. hosts 10 million monthly unique users across its mobile and web platforms. Consumers are able to read over 3 million vendor reviews and search, compare and book from a database of over 400,000 businesses. Globally, it provides these businesses the technology they need to serve their clients through advertising, marketing, and business management tools such as websites, payment processing, invoicing and contracts. Founded in 2007, the WeddingWire portfolio of sites serves couples and businesses across 15 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia, making it the worldwide leader in weddings with brands including Bodas.net, Casamentos.com.br, Matrimonio.com and more. The company employs more than 800 and maintains global headquarters in Chevy Chase, MD and international headquarters in Barcelona, Spain. --- WeddingWire provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, WeddingWire complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. WeddingWire expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Apply Now Save this job Posted By 2 Wisconsin Circle, Floor 3 Chevy Chase, MD, 20815 Contact 