  Data Management, Data Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Applied Physics, Econometrics, UX/UI Design / Data Visualization Full Time $60,613 - $161,900 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Cover Letter Applicants are NOT required to submit a cover letter. The entire cover letter cannot exceed the specified limits provided in the Cover Letter field (3,000 characters). Pages exceeding this limit will not be considered. The cover letter is recommended but is not required for employment consideration with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Applicants should place their narrative information in the Cover Letter / Other Professional Details field. Pay, Benefits, &amp; Work Schedule PROMOTION OPPORTUNITY: Promotion opportunities allow applicants at all band levels to be considered. Qualifications for NGA positions do not include specific time-in-band requirements. NGA will emphasize quality of experience, rather than duration, and assess how the quality of the experience demonstrates possession of the knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies necessary for successful job performance in the NGA occupational structure. Band 03 $60,613 - $123,234 Band 04 $86,391 - $145,629 Band 05 $120,083 - $161,900 PERMANENT CHANGE IN STATION: PCS expenses are authorized. Pay is only part of the compensation you will earn working for the Federal Government. We offer a broad array of benefits programs and family friendly flexibilities to meet the needs of you and your family. For more information on the array of benefits programs, please visit https://www.intelligencecareers.gov/nga/ngabenefits.html Duties ONLY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Additional Position Info ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: NGA seeks Data Scientists who understands data, how to view it, manipulate it, influence it and analyze it to support missions such as National Intelligence, National Security, Military Operations, Military Planning, and Disaster Relief and Preparedness for a diverse audience including the Department of Defense, the Intelligence Community, and senior US and foreign government officials up to and including The United States Congress and the President of the United States. The Data Scientist will be part of a multi-disciplinary team constructed to use design and computational thinking to find scalable solutions to the Agency's most challenging and highest priority problems sets. Band 03: Data Scientists develop and apply a variety of methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large volumes of data to build and enhance products, processes, and systems. They select techniques and methods to conduct data mining and retrieval, and apply statistical and mathematical analyses to identify trends, solve analytical problems, optimize performance, and gather intelligence to accomplish moderately complex assignments. They visualize information using an intermediate knowledge of a moderate range of tools (e.g., GIS, R, or Python), develop scripts and algorithms for current and future applications, create explanatory and predictive models, and conduct comparative analyses to address complex problems. * Develop and apply quantitative and qualitative analytic methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large data sets for specified purposes * Develop and refine collection and analytic methods and collaborates with analysts to answer key intelligence questions * Identify trends, solves analytical problems, optimizes performance, and develop results through appropriate data analysis techniques (e.g., data mining and retrieval) * Visualize information, conducts comparative analysis, develops scripts, algorithms, or models, and develops report on results of data analysis Band 04: Data Scientists develop and apply advanced methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large volumes of data to build and enhance products, processes, and systems. They plan and lead efforts to conduct advanced data mining and retrieval, and apply statistical and mathematical analyses to identify trends, solve analytical problems, optimize performance, and gather intelligence to accomplish novel or complex assignments. They visualize information using an advanced knowledge of a wide range of tools (e.g., GIS, R, or Python), develop sophisticated scripts and algorithms, create advanced explanatory and predictive models, and lead comparative analyses to address complex problems. * Apply complex statistical and mathematical analysis to identify trends, conflicts, opportunities, solve complex analytic problems, optimize data interoperability * Lead collaborative efforts to develop and implement new and innovative collection and analytic methods to answer emerging intelligence questions * Visualize information, develops complex scripts and algorithms, create explanatory and predictive models, and conduct comparative and alternative analysis to address complex military and intelligence challenges. Band 05: Data Scientists oversee and direct the development and application of advanced or innovative methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large and complex volumes of data to build and enhance products, processes, and systems. They provide expert advice and guidance and lead efforts to conduct data mining and retrieval, and apply statistical and mathematical analyses to identify trends, solve analytical problems, optimize performance, and gather intelligence. They develop new ways to visualize information using extensive knowledge of a wide range of tools (e.g., GIS, R, or Python), develop and disseminate sophisticated scripts and algorithms, create highly advanced explanatory and predictive models, and oversee comparative analyses to address complex problems. * Explore leading technology and methods to improve predictive modeling capabilities * Lead enterprise-wide initiatives to develop and refine collection and analytic methods to resolve priority intelligence challenges * Provide innovative solutions for highly complex data challenges; work with internal and external stakeholders to identify solutions Highly Desired Skills QUALIFICATION CRITERIA: In addition to the mandatory qualifications, experience in the following is desired: 1) Education: Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Geographic Information Science, Informatics and Computing, Information Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or a related discipline; 2) Experience: Software Coding: C++ Java, AND/OR Statistics &amp; Modeling: R, Python, AND/OR Query Languages: SQL, NoSQL, AND/OR Scripting: JavaScript, Python, Cloud Services Design, Algorithm Development, Data Visualization, Big Data /Data Modeling, Machine Vision &amp; Deep Learning, Optimization. How To Apply - External Application submission involves applying using the Intelligence Community's Applicant Gateway on-line application process. ONLY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Notes - U.S. Citizenship Required - Security Clearance (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information) - Polygraph Test Required - Position Subject to Drug Testing - Two Year Probationary Period - Direct Deposit Required How Will I Be Evaluated? APPLICANT EVALUATION PROCESS: Applicants will be evaluated for this job opportunity in three stages: 1) All applicants will be evaluated using the Mandatory Qualification Criteria, 2) Qualified applicants will then be evaluated by an expert or panel of experts using a combination of qualification criteria to determine the best-qualified candidates, 3) Best-qualified applicants may then be further evaluated through an interview process. Applicants are encouraged to carefully review the Assignment Description, Additional Information Provided By the Selecting Official, and the Qualification Requirements; and then construct their resumes to highlight their most relevant and significant experience and education for this job opportunity. This description should include examples that detail the level and complexity of the performed work. Applicants are encouraged to provide any education information referenced in the announcement. If education is listed as a mandatory requirement, only degrees obtained from an institution accredited by an accrediting organization recognized by the Secretary, US Department of Education will be accepted. In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e., retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.) All candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. DCIPS Disclaimer NGA utilizes all processes and procedures of the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). Non-executive NGA employees are assigned to five distinct pay bands based on the type and scope of work performed. The employee's base salary is established within their assigned pay band based on their unique qualifications. A performance pay process is conducted each year to determine a potential base pay salary increase and/or bonus. An employee's annual performance evaluation is a key factor in the performance pay process. Employees on term or temporary appointments are not eligible to apply for internal assignment opportunity notices. This position is a DCIPS position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are an external applicant claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must self-identify your eligibility in your application. This position is funded by the National Intelligence Program (NIP). Additional Job Requirements You must be able to obtain and retain a Top Secret security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information. In addition, you are subject to a Counterintelligence Polygraph examination in order to maintain access to Top Secret information. All employees are subject to a periodic examination on a random basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Refusal to take the examination may result in denial of access to Top Secret information, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. Employees with SCI access and who are under NGA cognizance are required to submit a Security Financial Disclosure Report, SF-714, on an annual basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Failure to comply may negatively impact continued access to Top Secret information, Information Systems, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. Apply Now Save this job 