 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> web server construction, relational databases, Python, Linux, Windows, Mac Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description RSG is seeking a Data Engineer with experience in data acquisition, conflation and analysis, and visualization. This position is based in White River Junction, Vermont. AS A DATA ENGINEER You implement production processes and pipelines for acquiring data and analyzing results. You work with RSG’s Data Scientists and Modelers who specialize in designing, implementing, and applying sophisticated data-driven transportation models with in-depth analytics to help our clients understand why people and systems do what they do. You write software that is readable, efficient, testable, maintainable, and extensible and you continually strive to improve your skills in these areas. You are a self-motivated, results-driven, team member that enjoys collaborating with others. You have strong written and verbal communication skills that enable you to communicate technical work clearly and concisely. You are skilled at working with relational databases. You are additionally a Python expert, or confident in your ability to become one. You also have professional experience with a few other languages. You are experienced developing under Linux and additionally are comfortable in a Windows or Macintosh environment. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science or related professional experience A minimum of 5 years of experience as a data wrangler Excellent attention to detail and accuracy Strong verbal communication and technical writing abilities Experience in web server construction Experience working with and/or writing open-source software PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Proficiency in Python and relational data, working knowledge of R Familiarity with activity-based travel modeling and geo-location data BENEFITS 100% employee-owned company with employee stock ownership plan Award winning culture and workplace flexibility: http://www.whenworkworks.org/workplace-awards/rsg-2 Competitive 401(k) with matching, medical with HSA, dental, vision, disability and other insurance coverage Many other unique benefits including floating holidays, lunch every Wednesday, paid volunteer time, fuel efficient vehicle purchase assistance, transit fare contribution and first-time homebuyer’s down payment assistance Position is based in White River Junction, Vermont. Placement in another RSG office may be considered based upon candidate qualifications. RSG is not currently accepting H-1B applicants for this position. EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled. To Apply Please visit our employment page: http://rsginc.com/join-us Apply Now Save this job Posted By Patty Holland 55 Railroad Row White River Junction, VT, 05001 Contact 