 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Agile, Architecture, Business Requirements, Data Architecture, Database, GIS, Hadoop, Java, Management, Modeling, MongoDB, NoSQL, Programming, Python, Research, Ruby, SQL Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Do you want to change the world? We do. Did you know that there is no industry that touches more of humanity than Energy? In fact, Energy creates societies. Are you passionate about Clean Energy and empowering humanity in an intelligent and sustainable fashion? Then you think like us. Do you have the skills, intellect, creativity and drive to transform, not just a company, but an industry through Big Data and Advanced Analytics? Then come join us as we transform the energy industry. We are the Advanced Data &amp; Analytics team at National Grid and we are looking for world-class talent to join us on our mission. National Grid is seeking a Data Engineer for their Advanced Data and Analytics team. The utility industry is going through a paradigm shift. Huge volumes of data need to be organized and transformed to have business value. This role will bring start-up challenges and opportunities inside a big and stable company. The Data Engineer will establish capabilities to ingest big data and architect flexible and scalable data models using various open source tools as appropriate. You will develop and maintain an integrated data architecture that spans relational and NoSQL database architectures. You embrace the challenge of unraveling raw unstructured data and providing innovative solutions to our data consumers. Incumbents should be prepared to work in a highly multi-tasked environment with rapidly changing business priorities. Abilities to work cross functionally and in an Agile Team Setting are a must. Responsibilities: Design, construct, install, test and maintain highly scalable data management systems Learn new data sources and determine how best to structure the data for use in advanced analyses Research opportunities for data acquisition and resolve data quality issues Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures. Employ a variety of languages and tools to marry disparate data sources Work with various database solutions (NoSQL, RDBMS) Work with leading big data solutions Build scalable data pipeline solutions in a cloud environment Work effectively with geospatial and GIS data and integrate it with other data Work effectively with remote sensing and image data and integrate it with other data Collaborate with team members to architect customized data solutions Communicate effectively and translate business requirements into data solutions Qualifications Knowledge &amp; Skills required: Bachelor's Degree required. Master's degree with relevant work experience in a data intensive discipline (Computer Science, Applied mathematics) and background in big data computer programming and big data processing preferred. Strong programming experience with: Python, Java, SQL, Ruby and other scripting languages Proven experience building and maintaining data flow systems in AWS Proven experience modeling and querying NoSQL, such as DynamoDB/ MongoDB Proven experience architecturing big data solutions, such as AWS EMR/S3/EC2/HDFS/Hadoop Proven experience with building and deploying ETL pipeline Proven experience with emerging big data technologies Proven experience working with APIs Proven experience with relational databases and SQL Strong communication skills Plus - having geospatial and GIS skills Plus- experience with one or more specialize areas: deep web, image and remote sensing data, natural language data, geospatial data National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that value s a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion t hat drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team. Department: BOC &amp; Advanced Analytics Apply Now Save this job 