 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> NoSQL Data Science MongoDB d3Force Dockers Lambda ML Full Time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description Senior Data Visualization Developer We are seeking a Data Visualization Developer for AppGuardVision® to join our team! We are looking for highly motivated experienced engineers to define next generation Cyber-Analytics platform for concurrent classification of events. Our data feeds originate from the award winning breach prevention system, AppGuard, with high-fidelity Indicator of Compromise (IoA) feeds from endpoints and servers. You will be working in this pioneering product to present Threat Prevention via creative dynamic visual interfaces. You will play a key role in the design and the implementation of this unique product that will shape the Cyber-Analytics of the future. Responsibilities You will be responsible for defining the next generation cyber-analytics platform, working with IoA feeds from major AppGuard deployments, using NoSQL databases, to deliver a system and reusable libraries based on state of the art User Interface paradigms for Cyber Threat Analytics platform. - Play a key role in the design and of implementation of AppGuardVision® Product - Design and implement proof of concept solutions and create advanced visualization tool. - Design and develop data visualization tool similar to Tableau, D3force etc. - Transform large, complex datasets, inter event-relationships into dynamic queries with interactive-near-real-time graphical representations in the form of near-Realtime-relationship arcs and nodes, dashboards driven by IoAs in SQL and/or NoSQL databases. - Collaborate with our customers, our cyber security experts, and our uniquely talented engineering team to design and develop intuitive and engaging data visualizations that revolutionize situational awareness and decision making for the current and upcoming technologies including but not limited to extending for Airport Operations, Connected Airplanes, Connected Cars, Smart Cities, and IoT World. - Provide expertise as to which visualization techniques work best for dynamic datasets and use cases. Required Qualifications · Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent; · Minimum 3 years experience; · Ability to conceptualize and design rich data displays using diverse business and technical datasets to communicate results intuitively and accurately with 3D and arc-style dynamic relationships. · Data visualization experience with hands on experience creating interactive graphs and dashboards using charting libraries, particularly with D3.js and Highcharts; · Hands-on development experience with Javascript libraries such as JQuery and Javascript frameworks such as React, Angular, Knockout; · Hands on SQL Queries, XQuery, JSON, XML based data representation and data search · Knowledge of front-end technologies, HTML5, CSS3, Twitter Bootstrap, AJAX and Web Services integration; · Applied user experience (UX), interface design and development experience; · Hands on experience with progressive enhancement and responsive design; · Development experience with .NET framework, Model-View-Controller (MVC) 4+ software architectural pattern, REST/SOAP Web Services, and JSON; · Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, HBase, Cassandra. · Strong communication skills (both verbal &amp; written) and ability to lead or contribute to multiple projects in an agile team environment. Desired Qualifications · Experience developing geospatial visualizations backed by Google Maps, Google Earth, D3 charts, ArcGIS, or similar GIS technologies · Experience designing and developing mobile data visualization and mobile analytics, particularly using Xamarin; · Familiarity with Big Data querying tools, such as Pig, Hive, and Impala · Familiarity with Big Data ML toolkits, such as Mahout, SparkML, or H2O · Experience with various messaging systems, such as Kafka or RabbitMQ · Experience with Dockers, Lambda Architecture is a strong plus. · Understanding Machine Learning algorithms and their applications for big data is a plus · Familiarity with STIX/TAXII, OpenIOC, CybOXetc., some familiarity with malware attacks on endpoints, SIEM platforms. Note: All offers of employment and contract positions at AppGuard LLC are contingent upon clear results of a thorough background check. Qualified Candidates only. Competitive Pay, Exciting Opportunity to grow in a rapidly expanding company, Flexible and Friendly Work Environment Apply Now Save this job Posted By 14120 Parke Long Court, Suite, 103 Chantilly, VA, 20151 