 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Data Architect, Informatica, Data Profiling, Banking, Financial, Data Governance, Data Cleansing, validation, CCAR, Erwin Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2 Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Lead Level Data Architect Contract / Contract to Hire position in Downtown! Brand New data org is being established at a large LA based financial institution that's a direct, long term client of ours. This is a leadership position. Basic Function The Data Architect will define and expand the organization's use of data as an enabler of corporate goals and objectives. The Data Architect will be responsible for strategically designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level applications and systems. This role is responsible for understanding data sources, usage and lineage for enterprise information. Responsibilities With minimal supervision, work on a large profile of projects Interface with development teams, IT organization, business analysts and executive stakeholders on behalf of the companies data organization Translate business and technical requirements through the controls of the data management organization to develop robust, well governed and scalable solutions Provide architectural solutions covering ETL, Data warehousing, Data retention, Data security and Metadata management Perform data modeling and conduct data model reviews with project team members Ensure data strategies and architectures are in compliance with corporate security and regulatory requirements. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree preferred Prefer 5-8 years of banking experience, preferably in regulatory reporting or credit. Experience working and effectively collaborating with reporting, operations and technology teams. 8-10 years of deep technical experience in data architecture, data modeling, data engineering, data governance and data management Must be driven, operationally savvy, action-oriented who continually strives for improvement Must have excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills Strong understanding of relational and dimensional databases, IT infrastructure, app programming and various related applications Ability to work independently with light to moderate supervision in various areas of responsibility Excellent interpersonal skills, verbal/written communication skills and strong project management skills. Experience consulting with senior management In-depth hands on experience with one or more of the following: MS SQL, Oracle, Informatica, EDI, Web Services, ERWIN, Alteryx, Hadoop and Collibra Apply Now Save this job Posted By Gabriel Stempinski 