  Object-Oriented programming, Python, SQL / RDBMS, No-SQL, NLP / NLTK / Linguistics, Machine learning, Regular expression, bench research, kits / reagents Full Time $80,000 Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description Biocompare, a division of CompareNetworks, is a growing media company focused on creating B2B marketplaces for researchers in the Life Sciences (e.g. molecular biology, biochemistry, immunology, cell biology etc.). Biocompare includes website tools for product sourcing and comparisons, as well as editorial articles and video on the latest technological developments in tools used in biology research. The successful candidate for this position will be responsible for helping to populate, improve, organize and maintain data used in specialized search tools for life science related research reagents and instruments. These tools accelerate biology research by assisting scientists in finding the products and technologies that drive discovery. The ideal candidate is a proven problem-solver and values a job well done. This position can be performed from anywhere in the US. Responsibilities Create and maintain scripts, queries, and databases to transform and normalize third-party product data. Integrate data from related public and private resources via manual and automated processes, including third-party APIs. Work with domain experts and external customers to identify and help create key product attributes. Establish processes for product categorization and attribution. Work closely with internal and external customers to establish and refine processes for aggregating and updating products. Work independently to set-up and maintain personal development environment. Maintain high-quality work output on deadline. Requirements BS / MS / PhD degree in Life Science, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Bio-engineering or similar. 2+ years bench research experience in relevant basic biology field. Verifiable experience with programming, especially with Object-Oriented environments. Experience with regular expressions. Extensive hands-on experience with the products, kits, reagents, tools or services used in basic biology research. Must have strong organizational and interpersonal skills, detail oriented and have the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Experience in data parsing Python. SQL / RDBMS and No-SQL database experience. NLP / NLTK / Linguistics and/or machine learning experience a plus. Apply Now Save this job Posted By 395 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 405 South San Francisco, CA, 94080 