  SQL, Microsoft SSIS, Data warehouse, Data integration, Data analysis, Query optimization Full Time 70000 Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Overview Marketing G2 (MG2) is a technology leader and provider to businesses in the subscription based economy. We are a successful 15-year-old company with continuous year over year growth and the heart of a start up. Our success has come from providing technology to our clients that advances their ability to succeed in a digital age. We are committed to new product development that empowers our clients to stay ahead and we seek a product development professional to assist us in enhancing our growth. We are looking for a candidate with strong data analysis skills and database administration experience. The Data Warehouse DBA is responsible for the maintenance and movement of data within and between client and MG2 environments. A successful candidate will be responsible for building the initial and maintaining the incremental Operational Data Store (ODS). Utilizing Microsoft SQL Server operational system and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), this person will also be responsible for the design, delivery, and maintenance of the data that is moving from the client into the target Open Intelligence Data Warehouse. The individual will work with MG2 and Client Leadership, Market Leaders, Product Marketing, and other cross-functional teams as necessary to drive growth within our clients subscription base. Key Responsibilities Include Work with MG2 Business Analysts, Database Marketing Specialists and clients to analyze and integrate data into Marketing G2 s database and application environment. Define for our DBA team detailed instructions to integrate data, build new functional uses of current data and provide data to clients. Support identification and prioritization of additional data needs beyond what is currently available, creates requests for data expansion within standard warehousing, and refine tools/analysis to make maximum use of available data. Conceptualize and develop data management strategies that address the ever changing industry of the subscription-based marketplace. Explore new ways to analyze data, campaigns and business performance. Work internally and with clients to better understand this data and how best to organize the data to drive decisions and campaigns. Continually meet expectations with on-time delivery while managing competing priorities and deadlines. Qualifications BA Degree required. Advanced degree is preferred. 5+ years of work experience with SQL and SQL Server Integration Services. 5+ years of relevant data warehousing and data integration experience. 5+ years of experience with reporting and query tools including Excel, Access and SQL. Experience with Campaign Management and data analytic tools a plus. Proven analytical and data skills. Proven communication skills and the ability to provide DBA s with instructions. Ability to work independently to translate business objectives into meaningful actions. Ability to work with both volume and detail to create high-quality, concise, timely results. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. Demonstrated ability to produce high-quality deliverables with minimal oversight. Effective organization and planning skills required. Ability to manage changing priorities and short timelines. Intellectual curiosity and willingness to learn about multi-channel operations. Understanding of basic principles of statistics. Please include your resume. Philadelphia area applicants only please. No relocation offered and no recruiters accepted. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Brian Lanouette 317 Highland Avenue North Wales, PA, 19333 Contact 