 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Google Apps Script, SQL, R, Tableau Full Time Negotiable Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Overview: The RISE Network is a Connecticut-based non-profit organization with a mission to empower educators to achieve breakthrough results, helping all students realize and achieve their full potential. RISE facilitates networked improvement communities by bringing together educators working in different contexts to advance shared goals. Together, we build community, democratize innovation, and improve systems in public schools and districts. Through our current network, RISE represents a multi-year partnership between East Hartford, Meriden, New Haven, and Hartford Public Schools to support educators striving to ensure every RISE high school student graduates college and career ready. The Network serves more than 6,000 students and 500 educators in five high schools. RISE districts and schools commit to sharing resources and expertise, pursuing innovative solutions, strengthening school and district systems, and empowering educators and leaders through continuous improvement. Position Summary and Essential Job Functions: The RISE Data Specialist will play an integral role advancing the Network s research and analytic functions. RISE is seeking a talented and highly motivated individual to serve on a team collaborating with school districts to build data tools, systems, and practices to improve student outcomes. This is an extraordinary opportunity for an individual who thrives in an entrepreneurial environment, and is passionate about closing achievement gaps and developing the potential of all students regardless of life circumstance. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Database Management Manage the ETL (extract, transform, load) system. Create data sets from raw files, bringing together longitudinal and data for a variety of indicators. Uphold the highest data security standards. Support the integration of new school variables into existing data warehouses and data tools. Data Systems and Tools Create and maintain online dashboards through Tableau; create compelling visualizations to drive and inform decision-making at the school and district levels. Maintain a pulse on RISE district data needs and challenges, proactively looking for ways to enhance data-driven decision-making and workflow. Lead the collaborative design and development of new data products and tools to address district data needs, both directly and in supervising/mentoring RISE data staff. Data Practices Provide training to internal staff and RISE school and district partners around data tools and Tableau. Provide as-needed embedded, on-site support with RISE leaders around data systems and practices. Use data tools and dashboards to facilitate understanding of student performance and serve as a support for school and district data team meetings. Employ multifaceted strategies to effectively launch new data tools, promoting educator buy-in, understanding, fluency, enthusiasm, and high usage rates. Develop and maintain a Help Desk process for users of RISE data tools. Required Knowledge and Skills: Demonstrated proficiency with spreadsheets and Google apps. Knowledge of SQL, R, and Python desired. Knowledge of Google apps script and Amazon AWS desired. Experience with version control systems (preferably Git) Strong sense of accountability and responsibility for results. Outstanding interpersonal skills and teamwork. Ability to interact professionally and earn credibility with a diverse range of stakeholders. Commitment to systems-driven solutions for scalable and sustained impact. Strong organizational and project management skills. Strong belief that all students can learn and achieve at high levels. Ability to ramp up on new content and work in an independent and self-motivated manner. Desire to work in a dynamic, entrepreneurial, and results-driven environment. Ability to conduct analyses and present results in a variety of written and visual formats. Sense of humor, positive attitude, and willingness to work in a collaborative environment. Required Education and Experience: Bachelor s degree in a relevant field required; master s degree in a relevant field preferred. Minimum of three years of relevant professional experience. Apply Now Save this job Posted By 700 State Street New Haven, CT, 06511 Contact 