 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> senior data engineer Java Scala Spark ETL SQL Postgres Linux AWS data analytics big data relational database Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Motif Capital is modernizing fundamental investment research. We combine traditional and non-traditional data sources, containing structured and unstructured data, deriving quantitative insights to power our clients' long-term investments. We are a small team, dedicated to scaling through automation in order to keep our clients' money invested in their portfolios, not their advisor. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will be a key driver of our data and analytics platform. Not only will you develop and operate our data infrastructure, you will work closely with analysts to gain understanding of the underlying data and structure it for ease of analysis and use. You will search out new and interesting data sources, which when combined with our existing, proprietary research will generate unique investment insights. This data will feed our analytics and machine learning pipelines, to continuously update and adapt our portfolios to changing micro- and macro-economic conditions. Job Requirements: A BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience, with a strong record of academic achievement 5+ years experience with data engineering in Java and / or Scala Experience with Spark and other big data technologies, large-scale data processing and ETL pipelines Experience with SQL and relational databases, such as Postgres Experience with developing and deploying applications on Linux infrastructure in AWS Enthusiasm about working in a small, entrepreneurial organization Bonus points: Experience with financial datasets, knowledge of markets and investments Firm grasp of applied statistical concepts and techniques including probability, regression, and time series analysis Experience with Numerical / Scientific Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas) Knowledge of machine learning pipelines using Scala / Spark or Python / scikit-learn About Motif Capital: Motif Capital Management is a next-generation global equity investment manager that specializes in the management of thematic investment strategies for financial institutions such as private wealth management, investment companies, endowments, and family offices. Our unique disciplined, scientific, and transparent approach to thematic investing relies on combining data-driven insights with objective fundamental research, algorithmic portfolio design and cutting-edge technology &amp; analytics. Our goal is to work with our institutional partners to act on the economic, socio-political, and technological forces that are shaping the global economy for the benefit of their clients’ portfolios. Learn more at www.motifcapital.com. Motif Capital Management, Inc. is an SEC registered investment advisory firm located in San Mateo, California. The company is privately held and a wholly owned subsidiary of Motif Investing Inc. About Motif Investing: Motif Investing is an online broker-dealer that is transforming the way retail investors invest and manage wealth. Motif Investing offers self-directed investors a concept-driven trading platform that enables them to trade “motifs”—intelligently-weighted basket of stocks and ETFs built around themes, investing styles or multi-asset models— for low fees. Based in San Mateo, the company's investors include Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Balderton Capital, Renren, Foundation Capital, Ignition Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, and Wicklow Capital, with notable board members including former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt and former Boston Consulting Group CEO Carl Stern. Learn more at www.motifinvesting.com. Apply Now Save this job Posted By San Mateo, CA 