 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Leadership, Collaboration, Business intelligence, Project management, Implementation management Full Time $83,833 - $107,478 Telecommuting not available Travel required to 10%. Job Description Job Title: WILM Chief Data Officer Employment Classification: Management Group (Exempt Position) ~ $83,833 - $107,478 (Note: Salary will commensurate based on education and related occupational experience.) Reports To: WILM Operations Board Location: Lakeshore Technical College Cleveland Campus Employment and Work Schedule: 52-week management contract Flexible day/evening hours based upon needs of the college Purpose Serve as the lead in assuring shared information services are provided to a three college consortium including Wisconsin Indianhead, Lakeshore, and Mid-State Technical College. Develop and implement Business Intelligence (BI) strategies to enhance business processes, to align with data governance best practices, and to manage BI initiatives. Provide leadership, strategic direction, and project management to Campus Solutions, Academics, Business Intelligence, and college administration. Job Description Business Intelligence Planning and Management Provide recommendations for the direction of Business Intelligence to the WILM Board including use of best practice, current BI trends, optimization of and use of BI, integration of Balanced ScoreCard methodologies, and effective use of BI. Oversee data governance structures, policies, and guidelines. Lead teams to incorporate best practice strategies in managing and reporting data and maintaining data integrity. Oversee the activities for the design, development, and implementation of the data warehouse architecture and the configuration and auditing of the data warehouse to ensure efficiency and quality control of data. Provide oversight for data architects, application development, and Business Intelligence staff to design and implement BI applications. WILM Campus Solutions and Academics Planning and Management Deliver consortium-wide leadership and strategic direction in the management and operation of shared information services related to Student systems. Provide guidance and leadership to meet Campus Solutions and Academics needs and requirements. Collaborate with stakeholders to establish Campus Solutions and Academics project priorities, determine staffing models, advocate for and manage necessary resources, negotiate deliverables, monitor progress, resolve problems, and communicate with stakeholders. Coordinate internal resources for flawless execution of projects. Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and budget. Develop project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility. Report and escalate issues appropriately. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation and progress reports on activities. Develop and continuously refine the vision and roadmap for BI, Campus Solutions and Academics that align with the Consortium strategic direction. Provide 5 Star Service throughout all customer interactions. Managerial Responsibilities Supervision is provided to the WILM Business Intelligence Team. Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of these staff. Design position responsibilities, interview, hire, and train employees; plan, assign, and direct work; supervise, mentor, and develop staff through the Employee Performance review; reward and discipline employees. Carry out managerial functions in accordance with LTC and WILM policies to include: develop and manage annual WILM budget; address staff and student issues in a timely and effective manner; advocate for the WILM organization; and serve on teams and committees as necessary. Qualifications/Experience* Masters degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business Intelligence, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or related field required. Minimum 5 years leadership experience in the BI/data warehouse field. Minimum 5 years leadership experience in higher education. Training and/or certification on IBM Cognos or related system. Detailed knowledge of ETL, DMR, OLAP and associated best practices. Experience in project management and/or project coordination. Well-developed leadership skills with highly effective written and verbal communication skills. Ability to investigate business problems, develop effective recommendations, negotiate and/or present solutions, and resolve problems in a highly professional and tactful manner. Proven track record of successfully managing multiple complex enterprise projects of high visibility and impact. Excellent self-management skills. Experience working independently with minimum supervision. Exemplify college values in all staff and student interactions, as well as services delivered. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships and relate successfully with staff, students, and citizens of diverse cultural, social or educational backgrounds. **Fluent, bilingual individual is desirable. *Note: Meeting the minimum requirements does not guarantee an interview for a position. Condition of Employment Employment conditional on completion of a Background Information Disclosure (BID) and the results acceptable to the College. Valid State of Wisconsin driver s license required or access to reliable and flexible transportation to commute from one job site to another. Benefits: Health Insurance Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Vacation Dental Insurance Paid Leave of Absence (PLOA) Health Reimbursement Account (HRA) Long Term Disability Professional Development Flexible Spending Program Life Insurance Tuition Reimbursement On-Site Child Care Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) Holidays Wellness/Fitness Center Recruitment Period Beginning: Friday, November 10, 2017 Closing: Applications will be accepted online until the position is filled; however, to ensure full consideration, application materials should be submitted for receipt no later than Friday, December 15, 2017. Online Application Process The LTC online employment application must be completed in its entirety to be considered for a position at Lakeshore Technical College. To access the online application, visit www.gotoltc.edu, navigate to Just for You and click on Job Seekers , choose View Employment Opportunities to create an account login and to apply for the position. For additional assistance, please contact Human Resources. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Bonnie Zorn 1290 North Avenue Cleveland, WI, 53015 