 Data Governance, Data Quality Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Where good people build rewarding careers.Think that working in the insurance field can?t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You?ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers? lives. We?ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you?ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you?ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Position OverviewThe Manager, Data Services reports to the Executive Vice President &amp; CIO, Allstate Benefits, and will work closely with the entire Allstate Benefits Leadership Team to ensure that data is designed and governed appropriately towards empowering the organization to leverage data for insights that drive advantage in the marketplace. This position will also be the Allstate Benefit’s data officer, championing data and data stewardship across both IT and business departments. This leader will have the opportunity to build the Data Services team, while also building a vision, and an organizational culture around data best practices, data use, and data insights for a competitive advantage.The Data Services Team will work horizontally, across the entire AB IT organization, in support of the organizations data needs. The team will also work side-by-side with AB Architecture and business leaders to drive data strategies and the technical data platforms required to deliver on these data strategies. Job Description Key ResponsibilitiesThe position of Manager, Data Services will be responsible for managing and leading the following cross IT functions:• Data Governance:o Overall accountability for ensuring that policies, procedures, roles and responsibilities are outlined related to data and the delivery of technical solutions involving data.o Ensure that accountabilities and expectations are well understood to ensure effective management and use of Allstate Benefits’ information assets.• Data Qualityo Work with senior leaders and stakeholders to establish current and desired data quality maturity levels.o Partner with stakeholders to develop any required data maturity remediation plans.o Establish proactive data quality education, training, and communication. Develop and publish key data quality metrics and KPI’s.o Begin to build data quality into the overall software development lifecycle. Partner with IT leaders to develop and implement data quality development standards. Job Qualifications Candidate Qualifications• Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent• Minimum of 5 years of people leadership at an senior level• Minimum of 7 years of IT Database Design and Master Data Management experience• Minimum 3 years of IT Data Quality and Data Governance experience• The ideal candidate must have proven experience driving the data strategy of an organization• Prior experience driving organizational change• A proven track record for maintaining current and secure data sources over a variety of technical platforms• Expert in effective management of multiple, complex, concurrent projects.• Demonstrated capability for problem solving, decision making, sound judgment, assertiveness• Ability to develop a strategy and articulate to stakeholders for agreement. Able to communicate strategy to inspire and motivate staff• Prior experience selecting and implementing data services tools and processesCandidate Competencies Required:• Excellent communication and negotiation skills • Strong relationship management capability• IT financial acumen• IT expense &amp; resource management• People leadership – talent development and performance management• Strategic thinking and problem solving• Foster innovation• Experienced user of MS Project and MS Office toolset (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands?. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary ? but that?s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you?ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.ABC Apply Now Save this job Company Information The Allstate Corporation is a Fortune 100 company and the nation's largest publicly held personal lines insurer. We celebrate creative problem solving, full engagement and working together to keep all people in Good Hands®. Rooted in empowerment and accountability, Allstate employees are challenged to maximize their own focus, resourcefulness and diversity. 