  MSSQL, T-SQL,SQL Server Full Time, Permanent $25/Hour Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description JOB SPECIFICATION Job Title: Data Migration Specialist Location: Corporate North, Fontana Reports to: Systems Conversion Supervisor Status: Non-Exempt Position Summary: Working closely within a data focused team this role is primarily responsible for migrating/converting data from legacy databases into our core application database (MS SQL). Part of this function involves ensuring as part of the data migration, that data quality, integrity and completeness is maintained or improved throughout the migration lifecycle. FACTOR JOB REQUIREMENTS KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILL Education - Bachelor's degree or AA in Computer Science, Software Engineering/Development or other related discipline. Certifications - Certifications in applicable programming disciples a plus (MCSA/MCSE) Experience - 3-5 years experience with data migration projects or other applicable programming projects involving the extraction, conversion and implementation of large datasets. Must have excellent organizational, analytical and communication skills. Knowledge of the recycling and waste hauling industry is a plus. Must have good oral and written English communication skills. High proficiency in working with MSSQL and relational databases. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server 2012 and higher. Must have at least intermediate experience with T-SQL. Advanced MS Excel skills. Experience with connectivity to legacy systems. Must have excellent customer service skills and ability to work in a fast-paced environment. GENERAL COMPETENCIES Building Trust - Interacting with others in a way that gives them confidence in one’s intentions and those of the organization. Integrity - Maintaining social, ethical, and organizational norms, firmly adhering to codes of conduct and ethical principles while exhibiting values, honesty and truthfulness of actions. Work Standards - Setting high standards of performance for self and others; assuming responsibility and accountability for successfully completing assignments or tasks; self imposing standards of excellence rather than having standards imposed. Since the output of much of the work product is presented to our customers it is vital that Quality Management is given high priority. Therefore quality, accuracy, and thoroughness are attributes that must be vigorously pursued. TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES Obtain data from multiple sources in various legacy systems (e.g., using ODBC.) Analyze legacy data to estimate/benchmark time needed for data transformation and load. Document progress related to the project. Perform all data conversion activities and tasks (data mapping activities) necessary to assure the data is imported properly before going live. Refer cases to appropriate departments for issue resolution when necessary and follow up to assure timely completion. Provide post-live support for designated period of time. Experienced writing, editing, updating technical documentation to facilitate the goal of streamlining and documenting the conversion processes. Work with multiple cross functional groups (e.g., GIS Dept.) Self-starter, able to work without constant supervision. Able to properly communicate questions/issues/concerns in a detailed manner. Ability to move from project to project as need dictates. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Perform related duties as assigned by supervisor/manager. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Fontana, CA 