 Big Data, Analytics, Architecture, Pre-Sales, Team Leadership, Cloud, Hadoop, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, BI/DW, Software Development Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel required to 75%. Job Description **OPEN LOCATION W/ MIDWEST OR EAST COAST PREFERRED + 50-75% TRAVEL** You’ve worked hard to get to where you are and want to work alongside people who’ve done the same. You’re looking to be challenged and to grow professionally, and you want to be valued and recognized for your contributions. Sirius agrees. As a nationally recognized IT solutions provider with an over 35-year history of success, Sirius is known for cultivating the best talent, providing a positive work environment, and offering a compensation and benefits package designed to help our employees thrive both personally and professionally. We deliver best-of-breed IT solutions from the world's top technology innovators, including Cisco, Citrix, CommVault, Dell, EMC, Hitachi, HP, IBM, NetApp, Nutanix, VMware, and many more. If you want to work with the Brightest Minds in the Business, contact us today. Sirius is looking for a Big Data &amp; Analytics Solutions Architect to join our Data &amp; Analytics Solutions team in a hybrid role – half hands-on technical and half pre-sales. This is a full-time, benefited role with us that can require an average of 50-75% overnight travel. Position Summary: The primary purpose for this position is to provide technical leadership to a Solution Services Program while also serving as a technical resource to Sirius sales personnel and account managers in support of our clients. This position will also handle engagements requiring knowledge of multiple application server environments, to assist in the architectural design of client applications, and to provide technical sales support as needed. Primary Duties &amp; Responsibilities: • Promotes and sells assigned Program by conducting customer calls and on-site visits with Sirius sales personnel • Creates and consults with Program Manager on SOWs and estimates • Builds assigned Program by:- Providing technical leadership in the 2-3 core competencies and related offerings of assigned Program- Conducting research &amp; development work targeted to create frameworks, utilities, or best practices to enhance the efficiency and quality of the Program’s development efforts- Cataloguing Program’s existing intellectual property (IP), determining strategic areas for IP development (including input into training and education plans for program specialists), and evangelizing the use of Program IP by Program development teams• Develops assigned Program’s team by conducting meetings and training for developers in Program to build and enhance skills in core competency areas• Oversees technical delivery for assigned Program by:- Understanding the business driving client technologies - Participating in technical requirements gathering and solution architecture for clients- Serving as a technical escalation point for Lead Solutions Specialists and Senior Solutions Specialists• Provides solution architecture, requirements gathering, and application design to our clients via services delivery, including (but not limited to):- Assisting clients to develop or express an organizational strategy for accomplishing strategic technology goals- Assisting clients to identify appropriate technologies for accomplishing their strategic technology goals- Developing technical and conceptual specifications in support of the overall application design• Reviews and understands all assigned Statement of Work (SOW) prior to services delivery Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or a related field• At least seven (7) years' software development experience, to include: o At least two (2) years’ technical team leadership experience, AND o At least three (3) years’ hands-on experience architecting and administering Big Data &amp; Analytics solutions, to include one or more of the following:-Cloud Solutions (AWS, Google, etc.)-Hadoop Solutions (Hortonworks, Cloudera, etc.)-BI/DW Solutions (IBM Cognos, Netezza, Teradata, Informatica, etc.) Other Position Requirements: • Demonstrated experience in successful assessments and delivery of multi-million dollar enterprise-size, complex multi-platform projects• Demonstrated understanding of relational databases, normalization and denormalization• Experience in business intelligence and data warehousing architecture “best practices” and tools • Demonstrated ability to design logical data models for databases and applications, adapting logical models in designing physical models appropriate for the business and technical environment• Demonstrated ability to work with a development team on database performance and tuning • Demonstrated understanding of design choices, including risk comprehension and contingency planning• Experience leading a BI/DW/Big Data &amp; Analytics team from the requirements gathering stage through to final implementation • Demonstrated ability to understand a client’s requirements and present appropriate architectural options to technical, as well as non-technical audiences• Demonstrated presentation, problem solving, and communication skills Preferred Qualifications: • Full analytics lifecycle development experience• Industry recognition for Big Data &amp; Analytics expertise• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Information Systems, Informatics, Information Management, or a related field• Previous teaching and/or training experience • Working knowledge of multiple dashboard development, data discovery, and dashboard design/development tools (e.g. Tableau, IBM Cognos, Microsoft PowerBI, SAP BusinessObjects, MicroStrategy, Oracle OBIEE, Qlik, DOMO, SAS, etc.) Essential Functions: The position exists to provide technical consulting solutions to customers and as such requires the ability to travel to and from customer sites and interact with customers on an ongoing and regular basis. The above primary duties, responsibilities, and position requirements are not all inclusive. Sirius is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. As a government contractor, Sirius takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans; maintains a drug-free workplace; and participates in E-Verify. Individuals who receive job offers will be required to complete pre-employment screening that includes a background check verifying name, residences, education, work experience, and criminal convictions consistent with the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and a drug test for controlled substances consistent with the Drug-Free Workplace Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act. Sirius will not sponsor work eligibility. Apply Now Save this job Posted By Stephanie West 18300 Redmond Way, Suite 250 Redmond, WA, 98052 Company Information Join the Brightest Minds in the Business. You've worked hard to get to where you are and want to work alongside people who've done the same. You're looking to be challenged and to grow professionally, and you want to be valued and recognized for your contributions. Sirius Computer Solutions agrees. As a nationally recognized IT solutions provider with an over 35-year history of success, Sirius is known for cultivating the best talent, providing a positive work environment, and offering a compensation and benefits package designed to help our employees thrive both personally and professionally. We deliver best-of-breed solutions from the world's top technology innovators, including Cisco, Citrix, CommVault, Dell, EMC, HDS, Hitachi, HP, IBM, NetApp, Nutanix, VMware, and many more. 