 Agile, Analysis, CISSP, Configuration Management, Database, Data Warehouse, Development, Genetics, Lifecycle, Manager, Management, Microstrategy, Modeling, Oracle, PMP, Project, Project Management, Project Manager, Scrum, Security, Simulation, Testing Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: Interim Secret Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Secret Suitability: No Suitability Required Job Family: Program Management Job Description: Data Warehouse Project Manager: Responsible for implementing and managing the MSC Data Warehouse. Candidate must have strong analysis and decision-making skills with the ability to lead meetings, participate in technical cross-functional sessions, ensure staff follows structured/audited procedures, and ensure adherence to change and configuration management principles. Oversees and manages the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as liaison between project management, planning, project team, and associate management team. Reviews status of projects and budgets, manages schedules, and prepares status reports. Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives. Develops mechanisms for monitoring project progress and for intervention and problem solving with project managers, associate managers, clients and other stakeholders. #cjobs #dicepost #gdjobs Meet with clients to determine the overall requirements and scope of projects. Must be comfortable interacting with staff at all levels within the organization, as well as taking direction from, and providing recommendations to (as appropriate). Location: Norfolk, Virginia. Education Requirements: Preferred: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or related quantitative field. Desired: Master's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, and Mathematics. - Shall have demonstrated technical and managerial leadership in the scope and depth of tasks described in the Statement of Work. - Shall have ten (10) years technical experience directly related to software/system development of which seven (7) related to the implementation and maintenance of management information systems and or software intensive systems. - Experience in implementing and managing applications at MSC or DoD agencies. - Comprehensive understanding of systems development lifecycle and systems engineering role throughout lifecycle. - Expertise in the following Data Warehouse Technologies o OBIEE o Oracle BI Application o MicroStrategy Oracle Database o Proficiency of Federal and DoD business processes o Solid knowledge and experience with building data ware house solution for Oracle E-Business Applications (Financial and HR) and custom applications. - Plans and designs systems modeling, simulation and analysis for project(s) crossing multiple product lines or a major phase of significant projects. - Participates as integral part of design team, coordinates engineers and support staff in project efforts. - Monitors and oversees the completion and implementation of technical products to ensure success and timeliness. - Provides complex technical consultation to other organizations - Interacts with senior customer personnel and internal senior management. - Demonstrated experience in gathering understanding and interpreting system and user requirements as required - Experience in interpreting functional and technical specifications - Experience and ability to map requirements to Oracle E-Business Applications - Ability to recommend and design best-practice solutions to identified requirements - Strong business analysis skills, process mapping, business process redesign and implementation required - Coordinate design, configuration and testing of solutions within Oracle applications as required - Strong Analytical and Problem-solving skills required - Experience with full Systems Development Life Cycle - Strong presentation/ communication / facilitation skills (oral and written) - Strong principles in the areas of leadership, vision, communication, team values, and ability to uphold processes and infrastructures - U.S. Citizenship - DoD security Clearance - Subject Matter Expert (SME) in enterprise solutions, system design and integration - Experience implementing and maintaining applications at MSC. - Other Qualifications o Preferred certifications: - Security (CISSP) - DevOps - Agile (SAFe, Scrum) certifications - CompTIA Security+ Certification - OBIEE - Oracle BI Application MicroStrategy - Oracle Database - ETL Technologies (like Informatics) o Desired certifications - PMI PMP Certification - Experience with Data Warehouse implementation methodologies # of Openings: 1 Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 Telecommuting Options: Telecommuting Not Allowed Work Location: USA VA Chesapeake - 530 Independence Pkwy (VAS008) Additional Work Locations: CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Apply Now Save this job Company Information What We Do. CSRA is tomorrow’s thinking, today. To "Think Next. Now." is to imagine a better future and to deliver it, today. For our customers, our partners, and ultimately, all the people our mission touches, CSRA is realizing the promise of technology to change the world through next-generation thinking and meaningful results. We understand that our customers' missions require new methods and imaginative thinking. We bring together government IT professionals, emerging technologies, and the brightest, cutting-edge advisors in the industry to deliver a broad range of innovative, next-generation IT solutions and professional services to help our customers modernize their legacy systems, protect their networks and assets, and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of mission-critical functions for our warfighters and our citizens. Our Company. CSRA's legacy is a partnership that began when the North American Public Sector business of CSC and SRA International merged to become a leading provider of next-generation IT solutions and professional services with over 50 years of combined legacy experience supporting U.S. government agencies and programs. We retain the spirit of partnership in all we do—with our customers, within our brilliant teams, and through our alliances with industry-leading technology innovators. We are a company of 18,000+ smart, talented individuals, yet we enjoy a start-up culture that inspires us to make a difference while delivering results in this rapidly evolving world. Together, we are committed to a stronger and better future for America through next-generation thinking made real today. Think Next. Now. 