 Algorithm, Analyst, Architecture, Data Architecture, Genetics, IBM, PC, QA, SQL Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: No Active Clearance Required Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: No Active Clearance Required Suitability: No Suitability Required Job Family: SCA Job Description: The Defense Manpower Data Center requires Business and Data Architecture services related to Virtual Lifetime Electronic Records (VLER) and Integrated Electronic Health Record (iEHR) initiatives. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Department of Defense (DoD) have been partnering to meet the President's April 09, 2009 mandate that "Both Departments [VA and DoD] will work together to define and build a system that will ultimately contain administrative and medical information from the day an individual enters military service throughout their military career, and after they leave the military." As part of these initiatives, SRA leads DoD-s effort to resolve duplicate identities, both with DoD and between DoD and VA systems. DMDC is currently using the IBM Initiate tool product for both probabilistic search and duplicate person identification/resolution/prevention. This tool is a core element of the planned VLER architecture between DoD/MHS and VA, with a major new phase soon to begin that will unify the DoD and VA Initiate implementations into -One Initiate-. Although the Initiate tool will help identify duplicate identities within the DoD and VA patient populations, there are tremendous patient safety issues associated with merging false duplicates who are not, in fact, the same person. As such, the Initiate algorithm generates -clerical manual review tasks- for any potential duplicates for whom the level of certainty is below a defined threshold. Human -clerical reviewers- Analysts must individually review the underlying identity and demographic data for each pair of potential duplicate patients and make the determination as to whether the two people identities should be merged or un-linked. (-clerical reviewers-)The Analyst will to work through the queue of clerical manual review tasks generated by the Initiate toolproduct. They will examine the underlying identity and demographic data for each pair of potential duplicate patients and make the determination whether the two patient identities should be merged or un-linked. Reviewers will utilize Initiate-s Inspector COTS tool as well as DMDC-s in-house tools such as Person Finder, QA Tools, etc Required: High School diploma (bachelor-s degree preferred) Detail oriented, likes solving problems/puzzles Good Solid communication skills Basic PC skills. Experience: 1-2 years Desired Skills: Some experience with SQL and relational databases is a plus. * Government client requires U.S. citizenship for this position * Government client requires vetting before new hire can start. The average wait for completion of vetting is 3 months. #dicepost # of Openings: 1 Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 Telecommuting Options: Telecommuting Not Allowed Work Location: USA CA Seaside - 400 Gigling Rd (CAC001) Additional Work Locations: CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Apply Now Save this job Company Information What We Do. CSRA is tomorrow’s thinking, today. To "Think Next. Now." is to imagine a better future and to deliver it, today. For our customers, our partners, and ultimately, all the people our mission touches, CSRA is realizing the promise of technology to change the world through next-generation thinking and meaningful results. We understand that our customers' missions require new methods and imaginative thinking. We bring together government IT professionals, emerging technologies, and the brightest, cutting-edge advisors in the industry to deliver a broad range of innovative, next-generation IT solutions and professional services to help our customers modernize their legacy systems, protect their networks and assets, and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of mission-critical functions for our warfighters and our citizens. Our Company. CSRA's legacy is a partnership that began when the North American Public Sector business of CSC and SRA International merged to become a leading provider of next-generation IT solutions and professional services with over 50 years of combined legacy experience supporting U.S. government agencies and programs. We retain the spirit of partnership in all we do—with our customers, within our brilliant teams, and through our alliances with industry-leading technology innovators. We are a company of 18,000+ smart, talented individuals, yet we enjoy a start-up culture that inspires us to make a difference while delivering results in this rapidly evolving world. Together, we are committed to a stronger and better future for America through next-generation thinking made real today. Think Next. Now. 