  Informatica Data Quality/ IDQ, Data Profiling, Data Validation, Data Cleansing Full Time, Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Job Description: Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) must have hands on experience on IDQ, involved in setting up framework from scratch. IDQ actually has two major components (IDQ Analyst &amp; IDQ Developer) and a series of IDQ Options. Hands on experience on IDQ workbench for developing global, reusable Data Quality rules. Hands on experience on Data Profiling using IDQ Analyst. Informatica Data Explorer (IDE) hands on experience on Data Profiling using IDE. Knowledge of Informatica Powercenter Data Validation Option (DVO) is plus. Should be able to create DQ design artifacts. Ensure data quality and reliability and provide feedback to businesses and IT team on how to improve the quality of the data. Communicate inconsistencies in existing data and offer solutions to correct it. Collect and analyze information to support data modeling and analyses. Syntel INC. is a leading global provider of digital transformation, IT and knowledge process outsourcing services. Founded in 1980 and listed on NASDAQ, we deliver high-value Digital and SMAC solutions, managed DevOps and IT infrastructure services, technology strategy and consulting, and enterprise-class business solutions to Global 2000 clients. With 2017 revenues of more than $966 Million and 24,000+ associates across the globe, we partner with leading corporations in the banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing industries. We deploy industry and technology-focused Centers of Excellence and a flexible Global Delivery Model to build collaborative client partnerships and deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for our clients. SYNTEL has more than 30 locations worldwide, including four U.S. development centers (Phoenix, Nashville, Memphis and Baltimore) and regional offices across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.Informatica IDQ/ Data Quality Developer - fulltime opportuniy with Syntel, Inc Apply Now Save this job 