 googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1478559205531-0'); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-136689231299775354-1'); }); --> Data Architect/Data Modeler Full Time Depends On Experience Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Position : Data Architect/Data Modeler Location: Minneapolis, MN Duration: Full Time Job description: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field; or equivalent work experience • 5-7 years of relevant data modeling/data architecture experience • Deep logical and physical data modeling experience using the Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) methodology. • Applied experience and expertise in data architecture concepts (e.g. model management, meta-data management, data governance). • Experience delivering concurrent, large information management projects at all phases-from project definition through design and delivery. • Demonstrated proficiency in requirements gathering and analysis processes and methodologies. • 3+ years software development and/or technical support experience. If you are comfortable with the position and location, then please revert me back at the earliest with your updated resume. About us Syntel INC. - Nationwide leading IT Outsourcing, IT consulting, and BPO firm offering managed IT services, Enterprise Business Solutions and Collaborative client partnerships. “Small enough to listen, Big enough to deliver”…. We are into IT Application &amp; outsourcing. We are NASDAQ listed, and CMM Level 5 Co. We have been in the industry since 1980. Our revenue is estimated at $ 950 million with the staff strength of 23,000 + Global Workforce. Syntel partners with leading corporations across banking &amp; financial services, insurance, healthcare, life sciences, retail, logistics and manufacturing. The Company leverages dedicated vertical and service Centers of Excellence along with a flexible Global Delivery Model to deliver solutions that drive innovation, improve quality and reduce costs for Global 2000 clients. Our Development centers are situated across the Globe - USA (Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, Oregon, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan), Germany, Singapore, UK and India. This is Full time position with Syntel Inc., including Health and Relocation benefits. Thanks &amp; Regards, Utkarsh Agarwal Syntel Inc | Human Resources Work: 919-948-2208||Cell: 408-900-9786 E-Mail: Click here to Apply https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-agrawal-65101a9b | Consider IT Done Apply Now Save this job Posted By Mayur Patil Unit No. 69 SDF - III, SEEPZ ANDHERI EAST Mumbai Maharashtra, 400096 