 Algorithms, Analysis, Analyst, Analytical Skills, Data Analysis, Database, Data Mining, Director, Excel, Filemaker, Management, MySQL, mysql, Oracle, PHP, Programming, Release, Research, SQL, Validation Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)As an IT Data Analytics Analyst, you will provide advanced database tools to provide specialized data analysis. They organize, sort and filter data in order to distinguish patterns and recognize trends. They develop and maintain data preparation and validation routines to support data mining and have experience in creating complex data mining algorithms. They select, recommend and apply appropriate analytic and statistical methodologies and techniques to execute against an analysis plan or research objectives.Primary Responsibilities:Report to the IT DirectorAssess and interpret business partner's and customer's reporting needs and requirementsInvestigate non-standard requests and problemsDesign and implement scalable analytical methodologies and report solutionsQuery data sources to support their initiativesScrub and monitor data to make sure that it meets legal requirementsMaintain, monitor, and execute against the data transfer schedule and goalsUse pertinent data and facts to identify and solve a range of problems relative to HIPAA, ARRA, and data releaseProvide explanations and briefings to colleagues on topics related to analytics and data transfersRequired Qualifications:Associate's Degree or higher level of education or equivalent experience3+ years experience with relational database management systems (e.g.. Access, SQL or Oracle, FileMaker Pro 9)3+ years experience performing data analytics and reporting3+ years Advanced level of proficiency with MS ExcelStrong problem solving and analytical skillsWilling to work in 2:30 PM shiftPreferred Qualifications:Experience with object-oriented programming systemsProficiency with MySQL/PHPKnowledge of data release precautions and HIPAA regulationsTechnology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)Job Keywords: IT Data Analytics Analyst, Data Analytics, Analyst, Relational Database Management Systems, Relational Database, SQL, MS Excel, Gurgaon, HaryanaJob Title: IT Data Analytics Analyst - Gurgaon, Haryana Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Global Solutions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Overtime Status: Exempt City: Gurgaon State: HR Country: India Department: OGS Operations Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 