 Analysis, Apache, Benchmark, Capacity Planning, Database, DBA, Developer, Development, Genetic, Hadoop, Hardware, Linux, Management, Oracle, Project, Security, SQL, Unix Permanent, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description At Optum, we create hundreds of custom applications and manage thousands of hardware components. Together, we deliver smarter, faster and simpler solutions for a modern, innovative health system. We are also the career home to Senior IT Data Analysts who bring compassion and passion, energy and focus to their work every day. If you strive to help people live healthier lives by building your career with a leader in health care, this is the career for you! Come share your expertise and your passion and do your life's best work.(sm) Individuals in this position will provide administration and support of Datameer running on MapR Hadoop Distribution for a variety of mission-critical custom and packaged software applications. Individual in this position should have experience working and supporting Hadoop Platforms. Should have strong time management skills and ability to pick up new concepts in a rapidly growing and evolving technology and business.Primary Responsibilities:Provide Administration support on Datameer (Big Data analytics application for Hadoop) Provide Administration support for Apache Hadoop distributions (such as MapR, PivotalHD, Cloudera, Hortonworks) Infrastructure setup, Hadoop software installation, configuration, upgrading / patching, monitoring, tuning/optimizing, troubleshooting and maintenance Strategize, design and create backup and DR policies for MPP and Hadoop systems Actively participate in all phases of project development life cycle including policies, procedures, standards and supporting documentation, process flow analysis, development, benchmark analysis, performance/tuning, capacity planning and production implementation Work with software development teams to install components (Hive, Pig, etc.) and manage MapReduce jobs Work with Sqoop, Hive, UNIX, Nifi, Flume and Spark and Scala Administer and develop Tableau Server and Desktop Engage in short and long-term capacity planning in collaboration with development resources, system administrators and system architects while analyzing current usage Continually monitor industry developments in the Big Data area, share knowledge and provide recommendations to the organization on how to best leverage tools Design and provide solutions to satisfy security and audit compliance requirements relating to NHS PID data regulations and other internal requirements Production support responsibilities to support critical business applications running on MPP and Hadoop products and to ensure maximizing system availability, swift and complete database recovery, optimizing database availability through ongoing maintenance, and ensuring conformance to audit and operating standards Participate in the evaluation, and recommendation of appropriate hardware and software resourcesRequired Qualifications:Demonstrated experience of Big Data platforms - MapR / Pivotal HD / Cloudera / Hortonworks (Hadoop systems administration) Evidence of using Sqoop, Hive, Nifi, Flume, Spark / Scala Familiar with UNIX systems and administration - Linux or other Broad knowledge of relational database technologies with DBA experience in SQL, Oracle etc All applicants must have the current right to work and remain in the UKPreferred Qualifications:Datameer Administration Tableau administration and development or other Data Visualization tools such as Power BI, Qlikview Cloud / Virtual environments Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to learn new technologies and concepts in a rapidly growing and evolving business Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Keywords: Data Analytics, IT, Information Technology, IT Consultant, Big Data, London, UK, United KingdomJob Title: Senior Big Data Developer - London, UK Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum International Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Overtime Status: Exempt City: London State: EN Country: United Kingdom Department: Optum International Technology Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 