 Algorithm, Analysis, Consulting, Development, Director, Genetic, Hadoop, Java, Linux, Management, MongoDB, NoSQL, Oracle, Project, Project Management, Research, SAS, SQL, Supervision, Teradata, Unix Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description What can YOU do in UnitedHealthcare to change the healthcare industry? The possibilities and the impact on the Advanced Research and Analytics team are limitless. No matter what your role is you will be empowered to ask more questions, develop better solutions and help make the health care system greater than ever. It's always fresh. It's always exciting. And it's never been more important.UnitedHealthcare Advanced Research and Analytics (ARA) specializes in improving the performance of the health system by providing analytics, technology, and consulting services that enable better decisions and performance. We integrate workflow solutions that deliver data in real-time, create actionable insights, and drive innovation across the healthcare industry. The Director of Technology and Data Analytics is responsible for the successful deployment and management of business technology solutions and applications, analytical technology solutions, consulting with internal customer teams, managing technology solutions portfolios, and identifying new technology approaches to solve business problems with a strong focus on leveraging enterprise data. This role is instrumental in enabling analytics partners to investigate, research, and analyze transactional data. Successful candidates would be able to combine their technical expertise with the ability to architect, deploy, and oversee integrated analytics/business technology solutions.A strong candidate would have experience with app development, analytical infrastructure development, and business solution consulting experience in the medical or pharmacy policy space, fraud-waste-abuse detection, marketing analytics and healthcare economics.This position is also expected to contribute to the building and management of the analytics infrastructure for the Advanced Research &amp; Analytics (ARA) team. Daily responsibilities include managing internal engagements, meeting project and deliverable timelines, ensuring the accurate and timely completion of deliverables. Additional responsibilities involve working with Analytics Directors on staffing needs, strategic technology trend identification, monitoring project progress and completion, issue resolution and technical solutions related to data, data flow and advising on algorithm deployment. You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.Primary Responsibilities:Deployment and oversight of end-to-end analytics and data technology capabilities Management of big data infrastructure including data processes; acquisition, storage, transformation, and analysis Establish technology strategies, team direction, resolve problems and provide guidance to members of own team Adapt departmental plans and priorities to address business and operational challenges Make product, service or process decisions likely to impact multiple groups of employees and/or customers (internal or external) Collaborate with analytics practitioners, business analysts and methodologists to design and oversee the development of working prototypes of technical solutions. Facilitating the creation of complex statistical statements on healthcare data that measures various aspects of healthcare services, consumer episodes, and operational events Prioritize and manage an analysis plan and several technical work streams in support of UHC initiatives and programsRequired Qualifications:Undergraduate degree Demonstrated experience consulting on business and technical solutions with executive management Demonstrated experience administrating a UNIX/LINUX environment Proficiency in at least one programing language with demonstrated experience developing technical solutions: Java, C, .NET, SQL Demonstrated time management and project management skills Ability to navigate and drive results in a matrix environment Ability to document and communicate complex technical concepts Competency to convert research requirements to analytical specifications Ability to recognize technical and analytical problems and solution with minimal supervision Effective in fast-paced team-oriented environmentPreferred Qualifications:Master's degree 3+ years of technology, research or problem solving experience 3+ years of working with data management platforms (such as Oracle, SQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, Mongo etc.) Demonstrated experience with analytical platform/data management platform integration Demonstrated experience with infrastructure planning, scaling, and administration, including demonstrated experience with Big Data platforms Hands-On experience with Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Sqoop, Pig, Hive, Hbase, Flume) Experience with Teradata, Netezza, Greenplum, Aster Data, Vertica Experience with statistical software integration (e.g., SAS , SPSS, or R) Familiarity with visualization capabilities such as D3.JS and Tableau (and Tableau server) Knowledge of NoSQL platforms (e.g., MongoDB, Couchbase, MarkLogic etc.) Experience with healthcare data, specifically in Medicare and Medicaid analytics, provider and consumer analytics, and Fraud, Waste, and Abuse (FWA) analyticsCareers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.(sm)*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter PolicyDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job keywords: analytical platform, UNIX/LINUX, healthcare data, data analytics, director, SAS, SPSS, Hadoop, NoSQL, telecommute, UnitedHealth Group, UHGJob Title: Director, Technology and Data Analytics - UHC - Telecommute Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time Business: Ops Corporate Admin Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: Yes Job Level: Director Overtime Status: Exempt City: Minnetonka State: MN Country: United States Department: Ops Corporate Admin Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 