 Analysis, Analyst, Business Requirements, Cognos, Data Analysis, Data Warehouse, Developer, Development, Genetic, Hardware, Oracle, SAS, SQL, SQL Server, Testing Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description At Optum, we create hundreds of custom applications and manage thousands of hardware components.Together, we deliver smarter, faster and simpler solutions for a modern, innovative health system. We are also the career home to Senior IT Data Analysts who bring compassion and passion, energy and focus to their work every day. If you strive to help people live healthier lives by building your career with a leader in health care, this is the career for you! Come share your expertise and your passion and do your life's best work.(sm)As part of this group, you will predominantly be involved in architecting and designing data warehouse solutions. You will be a primary contributor in developing, testing and deploying key data warehouses, data marts and will be working with cutting edge technology. This role will prepare you for significant career growth.The primary role of the Analytics developer is to develop effective and high quality healthcare program integrity analytics that meet business requirements. Technical abilities include following SQL coding best practices, data analysis, performance tuning, unit testing and system testing support.Primary Responsibilities:Develop healthcare payment integrity analytics, write complex SQL queries Understand data structure and content, perform query tuning Support business analysts, translate business requirements to technical specificationsRequired Qualifications:3+ years of Data Analysis experience 3+ SQL coding (Oracle, SQL Server, SAS or similar) experience 3+ years of experience in health care payment integrity analytics and working with large data sets Knowledge of medical coding concepts (CPT, ICD - 9 / 10 coding, HCPCS and DRGs)Preferred Qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience Medical claim coding experience / certification Cognos / Tableau report development experienceCareers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SMDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Keywords: Data Analytics Consultant, Analytics, SQL, Oracle, SAS, CPT, ICD - 9, ICD - 10, HCPCS, DRGs, Cognos, Tableau, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Remote, Work from homeJob Title: Data Analytics Analyst - Telecommuter Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Ops-Transactions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: Yes Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Eden Prairie State: MN Country: United States Department: Optum Ops-Payment Integrity Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 