 Architecture, Genetic, ISP, Networking, Router, Routers, SSL, Switches, Testing, VPN, WAN Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Senior Network/Data ConsultantDescriptionIf you want to achieve more in your mission of health care, you have to be really smart about the business of health care. Challenge yourself, your peers and our industry by shaping what health care looks like and doing your life's best work.(sm)Position SummaryWe are seeking a Senior Network/Data Consultant for our Plymouth, MN location to be responsible for the following duties: (1) handling all issues related to Data Networking, Load Balancing, VPN, and Internet; (2) maintaining and administering a large enterprise network which includes WAN Edge, 3 large and 4 small scale data centers, remote sites, and several offices; (3) analyzing network design, suggesting requirements, and commissioning/decommissioning new sites via adding than as S2S VPN; (4) checking and resolving reliability and performance issues including router crashes, CPU utilization, interface issues, router hang, device architecture, network configuration, router performance, and network performance; (5) administration of routers, switches, internet, extranet, and VPN/ISP; (6) analyzing and recommending contemporary and emerging technologies for deployment across the enterprise, including IPSec, VPN, SSL VPN, load balancing, firewalls, and voice/data convergence; (7) optimizing services to achieve enhancements in performance and availability while simultaneously achieving cost reductions; (8) analyzing and recommending contemporary and emerging technologies for deployment across the enterprise, including IPSec, VPN, SSL VPN, load balancing, firewalls, and voice/data convergence; and (9) responsible for analyzing, designing, testing, documenting, implementing, configuring, and supporting of WAN and VPN technologiesQualificationsBachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science and Information Technology, Software Engineering, or a related field.5 years related (progressive, post-baccalaureate) experience. Will accept experience gained concurrently. Must have demonstrated experience (which may have been gained concurrently) with each of the following:(1) analyzing, designing, testing, documenting, implementing, configuring, and supporting of WAN and VPN technologies; (2) maintaining and administering a large enterprise network; (3) analyzing network design, suggesting requirements, and commissioning/decommissioning new sites via adding than as S2S VPN; (4) checking and resolving reliability and performance issues including router crashes, CPU utilization, interface issues, router hang, device architecture, network configuration, router performance, and network performance; and (5) analyzing and recommending contemporary and emerging technologies for deployment across the enterprise, including IPSec, VPN, SSL VPN, load balancing, firewalls, and voice/data convergence. Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Title: Senior Network/Data Consultant Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Tech Enterprise Tech Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Plymouth State: MN Country: United States Department: Network &amp; Hosting Services Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 