 Agile, Apache, Architecture, Business Intelligence, Database, Development, Genetic, Hadoop, Java, MySQL, mysql, OLAP, Project, SQL Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description If you want to achieve more in your mission of health care, you have to be really smart about the business of health care. Challenge yourself, your peers and our industry by shaping what health care looks like and doing your life's best work.(sm) The Data Engineer is a key member of a newly formed team that is responsible for integrating complex data sources into our Big Data environment. This role will support the underlying data engineering needed as part of a broader project is developing industry leading data visualizations and operational analytics to support UnitedHealth Group's Payment Integrity organization. This role will leverage the latest big data technologies to synthesize complex information, working closely with Business Intelligence team counterparts to build solutions that enable Payment Integrity operation teams optimize business performance. With this role you must be self-directed and creative as you will deal with some very interesting and complex issues. As a key resource to others you must maintain a high degree of accuracy along with attention to detail, excellent oral and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills and the ability to always meet deadlines.Primary Responsibilities:Work collaboratively with the Business Intelligence team to analyze raw data sources and data transformation requirements Design, build, and deploy processes to load data (sets and sources) into Hadoop Write code, and leverage tools, to transform data to incorporate business logic as defined in conjunction with the Business Intelligence team Create At Scale cubes / MySQL caching layer for downstream data consumption and data visualization Develop and maintain documentation that chronicles processesRequired Qualifications:Previous experience with SQL databases, creation SSIS jobs and stored procedures Previous experience with Relational Databases (RDBMS) and Non - Relational Database Previous experience in implementation of ETL applications, Data warehousing principles, architecture and its implementation in large environments Exposure to Hadoop database tools (HBase, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, HBase and/or Map / Reduce) Production experience in Java or Scala development Working knowledge of OLAP / MDX Undergraduate degree or equivalent qualificationPreferred Qualifications:Experience with data blending tools (e.g. Alteryx, Trifacta) Experience with At Scale OLAP technology on Hadoop Experience with Apache Kafka Knowledge of DevOps tools and practices Agile development methodologyCareers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Keywords: Data Engineer. IT, Information Technology, SQL, Dublin, IrelandJob Title: Data Engineer - Dublin, Ireland Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Ops-Transactions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Overtime Status: Exempt City: Dublin State: DU Country: Ireland Department: Optum Ops-Payment Integrity Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 