 Analyst, CSP, Database, Development, Excel, Genetic, Management, MS Office, Oracle, PowerPoint, QA, QA Testing, Research, SAS, SQL, Teradata, Testing Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description UnitedHealth Group is a company that's on the rise. We're expanding in multiple directions, across borders and, most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about transforming the health care industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)Primary Responsibilities:Working in a small clinical analytics-oriented team and in a dynamic rapid prototyping environment, perform data analyticsThis includes and is not limited to: Gathering requirements Defining data needs Delivering data and associated findings for solutionsIncorporate operational understanding of how the data is created as part of the solution-ing process Ensure complete and quality artifacts that can be consumed in the downstream development processes Apply critical thinking and research skills to interpret data for recommendations of usage and creation of interface requirementsRequired Experience:5+ years of experience in healthcare data analytics Experience with eligibility, claims and clinical data Inquisitive mind and the ability to questions experts and provide input to best source alternatives Proven track record of determining data remediation options Undergraduate degree in applicable area of expertise or equivalent experience (Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics) Knowledge of SQL, Teradata, SAS, Oracle Working knowledge of any of the following internal systems: ICUE, CareOne, V360, NDB, CDB, TOPS, COSMOS, CSP Facets, or Linx Proficiency with MS Office including Word, PowerPoint, Visio and Excel Experience writing technical documentationPreferred Experience:Broad understanding of all health plan operational processes and systems Data Profiling User Acceptance Testing and/or QA testing experience Knowledge of UHG data across (E&amp;I, M&amp;R and C&amp;S) Strong organizational and interpersonal skills Knowledge of relational databases, database structuresCareers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Keywords: healthcare data analytics, clinical data, ICUE, CareOne, V360, NDB, CDB, TOPS, COSMOS, CSP Facets, Linx, Minnetonka, MN, telecommute, remote, work from homeJob Title: IT Data Analyst, UHC Clinical Business Enablement - Telecommute Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Clin Business Enablement/A&amp;R Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: Yes Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Minnetonka State: MN Country: United States Department: Clinical Business Enablement Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 