 Algorithms, Analysis, Architecture, Business Requirements, CIO, Data Analysis, Data Architecture, Database, Data Mining, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, ERwin, Genetic, J2EE, Java, Management, Modeling, Oracle, Research, Unix, Validation, XML Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Senior IT Data Analytics ConsultantDescriptionIf you want to achieve more in your mission of health care, you have to be really smart about the business of health care. Challenge yourself, your peers and our industry by shaping what health care looks like and doing your life's best work.(sm)Position SummaryWe are seeking a Senior IT Data Analytics Consultant for our Eden Prairie, MN location responsible for analyzing engineering, business, and other data processing problems in the healthcare industry to implement and improve systems. Use advanced statistical and inferential analysis programs to provide specialized data analysis. Develops and maintains data preparation and validation routines to support data mining and has experience in creating complex data mining algorithms. The Senior IT Data Analytics Consultant will gather and prepare analysis based on information from internal and external sources to evaluate and demonstrate program effectiveness and efficiency. Responsible for Data architecture, data modeling and data management experience for government or private sector health care projects. Work with health and wellness data. Responsible for Web application/digital projects, involved in data analysis with division or company-wide scope. Additional job duties include: developing scalable reporting processes and querying data sources to conduct ad hoc analyses; research complex functional issues using a variety of resources; develop and prepare highly complex reports and provide and/or interpret information and data across divisions and departments; assume responsibility for data integrity among various internal groups and/or between internal and external sources; provide source system analysis and recommendations for data warehouse mart design; define and refine data constructs to conform to business requirements, IT Requirements and database best practices. The Senior IT Data Analytics Consultant will also provide insight and experience in communication between business and IT professionals regarding data constructs and its use. Use Oracle database, Java, J2EE, XML, Application Monitoring tools (such as Splunk, Dynatrace or other), UNIX/Scripting and ERWin or other Data Modeling tool.QualificationsBachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. 5 years related, progressive, post-baccalaureate, experience. Employer will accept experience gained concurrently. Must include 3 years with each of the following: (1) Data architecture, data modeling and data management experience for government or private sector health care projects; (2) Oracle database, Java, J2EE, XML, Application Monitoring tools (such as Splunk, Dynatrace or other), UNIX/Scripting; (3) Experience with health and wellness data; (4) ERWin or other Data Modeling tool; and (5) Web application/digital projects, involved in data analysis with division or company-wide scope. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Title: Senior IT Data Analytics Consultant Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Tech CIO Organization Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Eden Prairie State: MN Country: United States Department: Optum Tech Innovation and R&amp;D Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 