 Agile, Analysis, Business Intelligence, Business Requirements, CSP, Data Analysis, Database, Developer, Development, Genetic, Management, Metrics, Oracle, Project, Python, Quality Assurance, Research, SAS, SQL, Technical Writing, Testing Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description Transform health care and change the way consumers engage with technology.Sounds like a big challenge, right? Here, at Optum, you have the opportunity to achieve great things while you showcase your passion and technical expertise as Big Data Applications Developer. You'll be inspired by working alongside some of the most brilliant minds in technology who bring compassion, energy and focus to their work every day on a mission to change health care as we know it. Join us! Come share who you are and start doing your life's best work.(sm)As part of our development team, you will predominantly be involved in building business solutions by creating new and modifying existing software applications. You'll stretch your skills and grow your careers as a primary contributor in designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting and supporting all types of applications consistent with the established specifications and business requirements in order to deliver business value. Primary Responsibilities: Develop innovative data management and analytic solutions to meet client requirements Solve unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business Lead large, complex projects to achieve key business objectives Translate highly complex concepts in ways that can be understood by a variety of audiences Engage with clients to clearly define business requirements Interface professionally with development teams Perform complex data analysis to support research requests by the client Create technical specifications, unit test plans, dataflow diagrams and logical data models Follow quality assurance guidelines including the documentation, review and approval of all project related artifacts Troubleshoot client and operational issues quickly and comprehensively Lead analytic development projects of varying complexity Support, train and mentor fellow analysts and developers Improve operational processes Work with minimal guidance; seeks guidance on only the most complex tasksRequired Qualifications:Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience 3+ yrs - Data analysis experience 2+ yrs - Python, R, SAS, SQL, or HIVE development experience 2+ yrs - Oracle database experience 2+ yrs - Testing/Writing data analytics or business intelligence reportsPreferred Qualifications:Undergraduate degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or Data Science Diverse development experience; including multiple languages Python, R, SAS, SQL, HIVE, or PIG Audit Recovery, Coordination of Benefits (COB), or Fraud experience Healthcare data analytics experience (Financial and Metrics based reporting) IT technical writing skills Knowledge of UGH source data systems (UNet, COSMOS, PHS-NICE, Oxford, RV/NHP and CSP) Designing and developing client facing dashboards Agile Certified, or Agile experienceCareers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SMDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Title: Developer (Big Data Apps) - Telecommute Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Ops-Transactions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: Yes Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Minnetonka State: MN Country: United States Department: Optum Ops-Shared Svcs Analytcs Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 