 Algorithms, Analysis, Analyst, Architecture, Business Requirements, Data Warehouse, Development, Excel, Genetic, Management, Metrics, Microsoft Excel, MySQL, mysql, Oracle, SQL, SQL Server, Testing, VB Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting available Travel not required Job Description At Optum, we are driven to transform health care not just for our own good, but for the greater good. And, with your data reporting and analysis expertise, you can join us on our mission to help make the health care system work better for everyone. As a Data Analyst, you will thrive as you design and implement data warehouse solutions. You will be a primary contributor in developing, testing, and deploying key data solutions to support business initiatives, while working with cutting edge technology. This is a unique Data Analyst role where you will help develop and enhance code by using business requirements to create technical solutions in a fun, challenging, and fast paced environment. This role will prepare you for significant career growth as you shift to a gear you didn't know you had in you. So the contributions you'll make as a Data Analyst at Optum, the pride you will feel, the smile that will keep you company on your way home are all ways that you'll know what you do here really matters. Your work will not just be important, it will be historic. Here at Optum we have an opportunity to influence and improve the healthcare experience for everyone! That's why someday, you will look back at the things you achieved here and realize that you did your life's best work.You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. Primary Responsibilities Data analysts are responsible for working in conjunction with business analysts to develop, test, implement, and maintain production review opportunities and trends Create complex SQL algorithms to data mine member and claims data for clients Focus on driving productivity and quality to aid business partners in achieving and exceeding monthly goals Use SQL to identify data abnormalities that impact analytic rule development and performance Organize and execute multiple recurring and adhoc tasks and projects at the same time Develop metrics to provide forecasting of new rule values and FTE needs Update SOP documents for each new rule and maintenance of existing rules Monthly analysis of rule performance; forecasted vs. actuals Create weekly management reports outlining work completed and issues encountered Formulate fact-based decisions and propose process improvements, including designing proof of concept analyses Ideation, development, and maintenance of existing automations and screen scrapes Collaborate on application architecture design, enhancements, and decision-making Create and maintain adjust down, top provider, and outlier reports Use metrics, excellent time management skills, and leadership skills to ensure business objectives and goals are met Assist on client calls and serve as subject matter expert on all data fields, values, and adjustment logicRequired Qualifications:2+ years of experience in Analytical role using a RDBMS such as MS SQL Server, Oracle, or MySQL Experience working from business requirements documents Ability to maintain understanding of numerous client processes in a distributed environment Proficient with Microsoft ExcelPreferred Qualifications:Excellent written and verbal communication skills Process driven and detail oriented Possess excellent time management and prioritization skills in order to meet multiple deadlines; comfortable working in a fast-paced/high production areas Object oriented app development experience (VB/.Net) Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SM*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter PolicyDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Keywords: analysis, Oracle, SQL, MySQL, RDBMS, data, Franklin, Tennessee, TN, Telecommute, TelecommuterJob Title: Senior Data Analyst - Telecommute Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Ops-Transactions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: Yes Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Franklin State: TN Country: United States Department: Optum Ops-Shared Svcs Analytcs Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 