 Agile, Analyst, Analytical Skills, Business Analyst, Business Intelligence, Business Requirements, Database, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, Development, ERwin, Genetic, Hardware, Help Desk, Linux, Management, Modeling, Project, Project Management, SQL, Supervisor, Teradata, Testing, Unix Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description At Optum, we create hundreds of custom applications and manage thousands of hardware components.Together, we deliver smarter, faster and simpler solutions for a modern, innovative health system. We are also the career home to Senior IT Data Analysts who bring compassion and passion, energy and focus to their work every day. If you strive to help people live healthier lives by building your career with a leader in health care, this is the career for you! Come share your expertise and your passion and do your life's best work.SM As part of this group, you will predominantly be involved in architecting and designing data warehouse solutions. You will be a primary contributor in developing, testing and deploying key data warehouses, data marts and will be working with cutting edge technology. This role will prepare you for significant career growth.This is a unique development role where you will be part of a 40 person Data Warehouse team that includes Project Managers, Teradata and Web Developers, Data Modelers, DBAs, Business Analysts, Report Developers, Help Desk Analysts and Subject Matter Experts. You will be working with the customers (Michigan Department of Health and Human Services) identifying and developing data warehouse-based solutions.. Primary Responsibilities:Gather and analyze business requirementsArchitect and design Data Warehouse infrastructure and solutionsDevelop technical specifications and design documentsDevelop, enhance, and integrate Data Warehouses/Data Marts and Business Intelligence SolutionsTest Data Warehouses/Data MartsDeploy and maintain Data Warehouses/Data MartsCommunicate effectively, verbally and in writing, with programmers, analysts, immediate supervisor, management, system users, operations, other State agencies and the private sector.Able to work independently and not rely on State or other team membersExcellent communication, time/project management, problem solving, organizational, and analytical skills required.Required Qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience5+ years Project Lead and/or Technical Business Analyst experience preferably in a Data Warehouse project environment5+ years working with end users/customers to understand and develop requirements for technical solutions to meet business needs5+ years working with technical developers to strategize solutions to align with business requirements5+ years Teradata experience, including v14 or higher5+ years using Teradata in a Unix/Linux environment3+ years facilitating customer requirements gathering meetings/sessions/JAD Sessions3+ years working knowledge of relational databases/database structures3+ years with Requirements Traceability3+ years with BI reporting3+ years analyzing project requirements and developing detailed specifications for reporting requirements3+ years developing test data and test scenariosPreferred Qualifications:Experience with the State of Michigan PMM/SUITE methodologyExperience with Agile methodologiesExperience working with the Data Modelers and developers, facilitating modification of the logical design to create a physical design most suited to the reporting needs of the customer Ability to design applications taking into consideration data reconciliation, (to the source system) query/reporting performance, and analytical business value. Business Analyst experience in a state government environmentMedicaid/Medicare or Healthcare IT experienceExperience with Teradata SQL AssistantExperience using Teradata Utilities (FastLoad, MultiLoad, BTEQ, TPT)Experience with Data CleansingExperience using ERWin for data modelingOpen Text BI Query experienceCareers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SMDiversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.Job Title: IT Data Warehouse and Analytics Specialist Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum State Govt Solutions Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Job Level: Individual Contributor Overtime Status: Exempt City: Lansing State: MI Country: United States Department: Optum State Govt Data Warehsng Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 