 Development, Genetic, Intern, Management Full Time, Full-time Competitive Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description Imagine this. We're working with data generated by 500 billion transactional events every year. We're gleaning new insights and new strategic tools out of records covering healthcare services for more than 200 million people worldwide. We're investing more than $2.5 billion in our technology resources every year. How's your pulse right now? Because we're also adding to our team in Ireland and the opportunity is right here for you to be part of an effort that will transform all of this data in to smarter, more effective analytics, tools and systems. We are digging deep into data using emerging tools that lead us to new insights, greater accuracy and business decisions that are changing the way healthcare systems perform around the world. So you see, it's not the challenge. It's the purpose. It all rolls up into an opportunity that can be your life's best work.(sm)This programme combines hands on responsibility with class room training. You will help create data solutions that we can introduce into the health system and ensure those solutions contribute to future knowledge as well as immediate results.Programme features:Participate in educational sessions that will help accelerate your career Collaborate daily with experienced professionals, mentors and IT leaders Leverage cutting - edge technology with visibility to top UnitedHealth Group managementRequired Qualifications:A minimum of 2.1 Honours Degree with 400+ points in the Leaving Certificate or equivalent You should currently be in your final year of obtaining a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college / university or have obtained your degree within the last 24 months You must be eligible to work in Ireland without sponsorship or restrictions now or in the future, for employment - based work authorisationPreferred Qualifications:Degrees and/or Post Grads in data analytics / science, statistics, maths, business or commerce Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Keywords: Intern, Internship, IT, Information Technology, Data Analytics, Information systems, Dublin, IrelandJob Title: Data Science Development Programme Associate - Dublin, Ireland Shift: Day Job Travel: No Business: Optum Ops-Ireland Family: Information Technology Telecommuter Position: No Overtime Status: Exempt City: Dublin State: DU Country: Ireland Department: Optum Ops-Ireland All Others Apply Now Save this job Posted By P.O. Box 1459 Minneapolis, MN, 55440 Contact Company Information We have modest goals: Improve the lives of others. Change the landscape of health care forever. Leave the world a better place than we found it. Such aspirations tend to attract a certain type of person. Crazy talented. Compassionate. Driven. To these individuals, we offer the global reach, resources and can-do culture of a Fortune 14 company. We provide an environment where you’re empowered to be your best. We encourage you to take risks and in return, offer a world of rewards and benefits for performance. Exceeding your limits is an exceptional start to your life's best work.(SM) Just like you, we are driven by a set of fundamental principles that are guiding our way forward. Our values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation, and performance serve as a foundation to transform health care. Are you in? Learn more about your future at UnitedHealth Group at http://careers.unitedhealthgroup.com 