 Full Time Telecommuting not available Travel not required Job Description We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world ? come find yours. Overview Responsible for identifying business trends from big data sources to enable faster and better decision making. Engages in supporting project teams in value added activities that generate practical solutions to complex business problems, explores new business alternatives, and drives improvement in business decisions through product and data knowledge and market trends. In addition, must have in-depth subject matter and professional expertise as well as thorough knowledge of the internal/industry data sources which render professional opinion an essential component of the job. Responsibilities Investigates and identifies patterns in big data to generate business insights. Responsible for sourcing data leveraging their expertise for product enhancements, and/or research &amp; development activities as part of a team, with an orientation to generating practical business s insights, solutions and delivering value. Leverages in-depth knowledge of business data/systems and understanding of the business process to identify and implement solutions and influences business processes that will result in significant bottom-line contributions and/or efficiency improvements. Stays abreast of changing business trends, data sources, and tools and enables the company in staying ahead of its competition. Sets short-term direction for research efforts and/or analyses. Designs and/or implements analysis to drive critical financial, operational, and/or strategic decisions. Drives management decisions through descriptive and inquisitive data analytics using tools such as SAS, machine learning, BI tools, and/or other data extraction tools. Designs and develops models for several efforts, and interfaces with client organizations and IT. Some communication and presentation to organization leaders are required, with emphasis on data visualization skill, quality, and timeliness. Share accountability for training other staff professionals within the organization. Mentor individuals for acquiring and/or maintaining the technical skills for which scientist can serve as the subject matter expert. Education BS in a quantitative field such as Engineering, Statistics, Finance required MS in Operations Research or Statistics preferred Knowledge/Skills Required In-depth knowledge of United/Industry data sources Advanced quantitative skills, subject matter knowledge and data source expertise in multiple business areas, good business technical communication, verbal/written communication and presentation and sales skills Adaptability to changing business environment Good interpersonal skills and ability to interact with clients at all levels and influence business strategy Stays abreast of changing industry trends and enable the company in staying ahead of its competition Preferred Proficient with Microsoft Office Data Mining Experience Required 4+ years of airline or related business experience at successive levels of analytical field solving complex business problems In depth experience in data modeling through use of either statistical/machine learning toolkit such as SAS, R, Python, JMP, Minitab and/or BI tools like Spotfire and Tableau Preferred 2+ years of demonstrated ability in innovation to create business value through data analytics, predictive modeling, information retrieval, machine learning and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques Other Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualifications Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position INDUAL Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT Apply Now Save this job Company Information At United, we're focused on being the flyer-friendly airline that customers want to travel on, employees want to work for and shareholders want to invest in. We are thriving in the culture that our employees have helped to create, one that values exceptional customer service, encourages new ideas and rewards performance. With the right qualifications, attitude and commitment, there's almost no limit to how high you can go. 