Nathan Thomas
4103 Brownsboro Glen Rd.
Louisville, KY 40241
502-541-7573 (Cell) • Nathan.thomas3408@yahoo.com


EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Administration • Accounting • University of Louisville (2009)

Bachelor of Business Administration • Business Management • University of Louisville (2003)


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Accounting graduate of the University of Louisville with over fifteen years of professional work experience and a passion for learning and results.  Core Competencies include:

•	Knowledge of Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint, and other software such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, and SQL, R 
•	Strong research, analytical and organizational skills
•	Ability to handle high-stress environment
•	Complex problem solving
•	Experience in working with international vendors
•	Team conflict resolution



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Fenton & McGarvey, PSC (fka Morgan & Pottinger PSC), Louisville, KY: Provider of asset recovery services to several major national creditors as well as small to medium regional businesses. (150 employees)

Business Intelligence Analyst (Sep 2015-current): Provide detailed analysis of operations processes and overall profitability of the business as well as business driver goal setting.  Directly support the operations team by providing areas of opportunity as well as prescribed solutions coupled with financial impact and opportunity cost as well as our executive team through revenue forecasting.  

Operations Manager (Oct 2016-Feb 2017): Manage production from on-shore and off-shore teams as well as Business Intelligence team.  Continue to provide analysis of operational processes, business profitability, production and financial goal setting and forecasting.  Served in dual role as BI Analyst.

Manager Client Services (Dec 2014-Aug 2015)  Directly managed the Client Services department (14 employees) and tasked with staffing, motivating, and performing process audits for department standard operating procedures. 

Client Services Liaison (Oct 2010-Nov 2014): Served as a liaison to our firm’s two largest clients.  Interfaced with every area of our company, accounting, operations, audit and compliance as well as IT to ensure all of our clients requirements and needs were met.  Assisted with annual client audits and attended bi-annual industry conference.



Nathan Thomas
502-541-7573 (Cell) • Nathan.thomas3408@yahoo.com


Fenton & McGarvey, PSC (cont.)

Notable achievement: Recognized by our firm’s largest client for exceptional partnership nationally in Fall 2012 and regionally in Spring 2011 through Fall 2012 as well as 3 silver medals and 5 bronze medals for collections consistency.

Bookkeeper (Nov 2009-Oct 2010): Post debtor payments to their respective accounts and coordinate deposits made to the bank as well as reconciling accounts bank statements.  Remit funds electronically to clients via ACH.

Jeffersontown Baseball, Inc., Louisville, KY: Youth sports organization.

Treasurer (Aug 2009-Aug 2012): Manage accounting functions of non-profit organization which generates $500,000 annual revenue.  Responsibilities include posting all transactions, A/R and A/P functions, profitability analysis, financial reporting, budgeting, payroll, and IRS correspondence.  

Smoothstone IP Communications, Louisville, KY: Leader in providing voice and data networking services to medium-large businesses. (120 employees)

Project Manager (Jan 2008-Apr 2009): Managed all aspects of the installation of data and telecommunication services to new and existing clients. Coordinated resources in Engineering, Programming, Training, and Sales to meet or exceed client expectations throughout the installation process. Notable Achievements:  Managed 40% of fourth quarter installation dollars between four team members totaling over $300,000 in monthly revenue and $450,000 in non-recurring revenue.

Lightyear Network Solutions, Louisville, KY: Multi-faceted provider of data and telecommunication services to residential and small businesses. (100 employees)

Major Account Consultant (Mar 2005-Jan 2008): Retained and expanded client revenue for assigned accounts.  Identified revenue opportunities with existing accounts through consultation with clients on a technical and account development level.  Worked directly with clients to resolve any billing or collection issues.  

Provisioning Agent/Customer Service Representative (Jan 2004-Mar 2005): Provisioned high volumes of customer orders after the sale while interacting with various departments such as Collections, Sales, and Billing to ensure the fulfillment of customer needs.  Teamed with Customer Service to handle large call volumes.  Trained and conducted orientation for new Call Center and provisioning employees on standard operating procedures.  

Rafferty’s Inc—Director of Training (July 2002-August 2003, November 2003-April 2004): Developed and trained new employees as well as current staff members to ensure quality and adherence to company standards.  Acted in human resource capacity in processing employee files, 
verifying legal documentation, new-hire orientations, and conducting interviews.


ASSOCIATIONS/VOLUNTEERING

Little League International—District Umpire Consultant (January 2004-present)
Northeast Christian Church - Elementary Small Group Leader (September 2013-present)
