 Back to search results Prev Job 363 of 500 Next Americas PowerApps and Flow Global Blackbelt - TSP PowerApps is an enterprise service for innovators everywhere to connect, create and share business apps with your team on any device in minutes. Harnessing the power of the Microsoft Cloud and with seamless integration to the vast Microsoft platform including Dynamics 365, Office 365 and Azure, PowerApps is enabling our customers to unlock new business agility. Microsoft if seeking an experienced Solution Architect to advise a targeted set of enterprise customers on building sophisticated business apps that enable experiences across Dynamics 365, Office 365 and Azure to meet and exceed their business transformation needs. In performing this role, the Technical Architect will help our customers understand the opportunity for transformation via automation of business processes with PowerApps, Flow and the Common Data Service. They will help architect proposed solutions that align PowerApps to enhance and drive business value, while also advising our customers how this meets their future technical vision and strategy. The PowerApps Architect is at the forefront of business application trends and has direct access to the Product Group and the future roadmap. The ability to influence and articulate the future direction of the PowerApps strategy is important as is the ability to demonstrate how PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and the Common Data Service can leverage Microsoft’s broad array of technology and services. The success of this role depends on collaboration with both generalists and specialists in the Microsoft subsidiary teams (including Services, Product Engineering and other sales and pre-sales roles) and in our partner ecosystem. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Strategic Sales Engagement: o Drive the One Microsoft story by crafting presentations that combine PowerApps with other Microsoft technologies to create compelling industry solutions. This could include Dynamics 365, SharePoint, IoT, Machine Learning, Power Apps, BI, Azure services, etc. o Provide pre-sales solution architecture guidance and POC support. Design and deliver compelling highly impactful demos to customers. o Demonstrate deep industry knowledge of Microsoft PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and the Common Data Service solution to qualified prospects and customers to assist with their digital transformation. o Present and speak meaningfully about the development environment, architecture of PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and Common Data Service solutions as well as their integration with Dynamics 365, Office 365, Azure Cloud and supporting technologies. o Coordination and participation in the responses to customer RFIs and RFPs. o Establish and maintain credible technical relationships at the executive level. Customers, Field Sellers and Partners will view you as a strategic advisor. • Field Technical Enablement: o Collaborate with Microsoft field sellers to identify key solution areas and top industry value propositions that are enabled by PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and the Common Data Service. o Illustrate to field sellers how to position the PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and Common Data Service as an extension of their existing investment in the Microsoft Cloud Dynamics 365, Office 365 and Azure to meet customers digital transformation strategy. o Host and present at PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and Common Data Service internal, partner and customer evangelism events showcasing Microsoft’s business application capabilities. • Technical Thought Leadership/Evangelism: o Identify competitive and market trends in the business application (low code/no code) domain and create reusable industry assets for field sellers. o Contribute whitepapers, blogs, and technical briefings to the greater PowerApps, Microsoft Flow and Common Data Service community to establish yourself as a technical thought leader and to advance product adoption. o Work alongside strategic Microsoft partners to bring new solutions to market and provide technical guidance. o Participate in technical communities and work with product teams to facilitate product updates and future roadmap. Qualifications: • Strong hands-on technical background in Microsoft technologies, such as PowerApps, Microsoft Flow, Common Data Service, Dynamics 365, Office 365 (SharePoint and InfoPath), Power BI, LinkedIn, and/or Azure. • 5 + years of experience with SharePoint/InfoPath or Dynamics 365 (CRM or AX). • Global deployment experience highly valued. • Experience in delivering architecture design sessions, deep technical presentations and industry-focused demos to LOB owners and C-Suite executives. • Ability to quickly grasp customer/partner strategic business objectives to articulate an engagement plan that addresses these objectives. • Proven experience in process engineering resulting in effective technical presentations. Demonstrated ability in leading by example, sharing insight and enabling peer groups (peers, customers, partners, technical/architect community) • Proven skills in selling and demonstrating SaaS business applications. • Ability to impact and influence a wide range of internal and external stakeholders to drive business results. • Demonstrated Industry knowledge in Financial Services, Retail or Healthcare is desirable. • Exposure to Machine Learning, Azure, IoT and Cortana Intelligence is desirable. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322075 1066854 Locations United States, Other (United States) Job families Sales Teams Dynamics Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 