 Back to search results Prev Job 150 of 500 Next Applied Scientist 2 Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with about $70 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Search engines, web publishers, major ad networks, and ad exchanges are now serving billions of ad impressions per day and generating terabytes of user events data every day. The rapid growth of online advertising has created enormous opportunities as well as technical challenges that demand computational intelligence. Computational Advertising has emerged as a new interdisciplinary field that involves information retrieval, machine learning, data mining, statistics, operations research, and micro-economics, to solve challenging problems that arise in online advertising. The central problem of computational advertising is to select an optimized slate of eligible ads for a user to maximize a total utility function that captures the expected revenue, user experience and return on investment for advertisers. Microsoft is innovating rapidly in this space to grow its share of this market by providing the advertising industry with the state-of-the-art online advertising platform and service. Bing Ads Marketplace and Serving team is at the core of this effort, responsible for research &amp; development of all the algorithmic components in our advertising technology stack. We heavily use the recent advances in cloud computing infrastructure to harness huge volume of data. We love big data! The Ads relevance team is a world-class R&amp;D team of passionate and talented scientists and engineers who aspire to solve challenging problems and turn innovative ideas into high-quality products and services that can help hundreds of millions of users and advertisers, and directly impact our business. Our experimentation infrastructure allows us to innovate and test new algorithms rapidly with live traffic to measure their effectiveness, and launch them in production as soon as they produce positive results, which makes our work environment productive and rewarding. Job responsibilities include: - Building and owning web-scale machine learning models to predict ads relevance. - Finding insights and forming hypothesis in the data with various machine learning, statistical, and data mining techniques: e.g. regression, classification, optimization, p-values analysis. - Designing experiments, understanding the resulting data, and producing actionable, trustworthy conclusions from them. - Wrangling large amounts of data (think petabytes) using various tools, including open-source ones and your own. - All programming languages welcome, especially R, Python, SQL, Java, and C#. - Taking complex problems and the associated data and giving the answers in a concise form to assist senior executives in making key business decisions. - Building data manipulation, processing, and visualization tools and sharing these tools and your knowledge across the team. Qualifications: - A graduate degree in computer science or a quantitative domain plus hands-on software engineering and data science experience. - 3+ year experience delivering, scaling, and owning highly successful and innovative machine learning products with your fingerprints all over them. - Excellent verbal, visual and written communication skills. - A willingness to learn, share, and improve. - 3 years software engineering or data science experience Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323341 1073423 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 