 Back to search results Prev Job 271 of 500 Next Applied Machine Learning Engineer II Digital thieves are getting more sophisticated and harder to detect and stop and our customers are looking up to us to protect their accounts, subscriptions, data, and services from compromise - whether in their own data centers, Microsoft’s cloud environments, or other environments. Proactive measures, including infrastructure security improvements, Privileged Identity Management and multi-factor authentication, are only part of the solution. As an engineer in our team in C+E Security division you are uniquely positioned to apply machine learning techniques to detect unseen patterns of malicious and suspicious behavior. You will develop detection algorithms that will be applicable across multiple services and data sources, enabling us to build detections at scale, and keeping up with constantly changing threat landscape. Your detections will create a multiplier effect on security analyst’s investigations, resulting in reducing their burden and increasing their effectiveness. Feedback from first-party and third-party customers is incorporated into our detections to continuously improve their efficacy. We are leveraging a unique combination of security research and machine learning to develop the leading edge of enterprise security intelligence. Come be part of this exciting new generation of security analytics! Job Responsibilities include: • Develop high-performance machine learning systems for detecting abnormality, intrusion, masquerading, etc. • Deliver end to end solutions to analyze data that originates from users, services, or other automated systems. • Develop infrastructure as required to enable new experiences in cloud security intelligence by deriving meaning from vast array of data about users and their activity. • Actively engage other teams across the company to identify security scenarios where machine learning/applied statistics can be used, and lead the development of solutions to these problems. • Act as an expert in machine learning/statistics to serve the growing needs of C+E Security. • Provide technical leadership to other developers Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years of education or professional experience in applying machine learning and data mining techniques to real problems with copious amounts of data. • 2+ years of experience developing production quality code in a professional software engineering role. Preferred Qualifications: • Strong algorithmic background and experience applying knowledge to solve real problems. • Experience with very large-scale data processing/analysis (a.k.a. big data). • Strong C++ and/or C# skills (C# preferred) and understanding of software design patterns. • Experience developing high-performance service-oriented solutions. • Ability to work independently to actively identify and drive solutions for evolving business problems. • A graduate degree in Computer Science is highly desired. Candidates with a graduate degree in related fields (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Physics) with applied practical experience and programming background are also desirable. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322910 1073619 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 