 Back to search results Prev Job 237 of 500 Next Applied Machine Learning Engineer, Senior Software Engineer - Security Digital thieves are getting sophisticated and harder to detect and stop, and our customers are looking up to us to protect their accounts, subscriptions, data and services from compromise – whether in their own data centers or in Microsoft’s cloud environments. Beyond taking proactive measures like improving infrastructure security, Privileged Identity Management, multi-factor authentication, etc, our team is focused on employing machine learning over data across Azure services to develop security detections that protect our customers. As an engineer in our team in C+E Security division you are uniquely positioned to apply machine learning techniques to detect unseen patterns of malicious and suspicious behavior. You will develop detection algorithms that will be applicable across multiple services and data sources, enabling us to build detections at scale, and keeping up with constantly changing threat landscape. Your detections will create a multiplier effect on security analyst’s investigations, resulting in reducing their burden and increasing their effectiveness. Feedback form first-party and third-party customers is incorporated into our detections to continuously improve their efficacy. We are leveraging a unique combination of security research and machine learning to develop the leading edge of enterprise security intelligence. Be part of this exciting new generation of security analytics! Job Responsibilities include: • Develop high-performance machine learning systems for detecting abnormality, intrusion, fraud, masquerading, etc. • Deliver end to end solutions to analyze data that originates from users, services, or other automated systems • Develop infrastructure as required to enable new experiences in enterprise security intelligence by deriving meaning from vast array of enterprise data about users and their activity • Actively engage other teams across the company to identify security scenarios where machine learning/applied statistics can be used, and lead the development of solutions to these problems • Act as an expert in the area of machine learning/statistics to serve the growing needs of C+E Security • Provide technical leadership to other developers Qualifications: • 5+ years of educational or professional experience in applying machine learning and data mining techniques to real problems with copious amounts of data • Strong algorithmic background and experience applying knowledge to solve real problems • Experience with very large scale data processing/analysis (a.k.a. big data) • Strong C++ and/or C# skills (C# preferred) and understanding of software design patterns • Experience developing high-performance service-oriented solutions • 5+ years of experience developing production quality code in a professional software engineering role • Ability to work independently to actively identify and drive solutions for evolving business problems • A Ph.D degree in Computer Science is highly desired. Candidates with a Ph.D in other quantifiable fields (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Physics) with applied practical experience and programming background are also desirable Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 290424 1054386 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 