 Back to search results Prev Job 225 of 500 Next Business Insights Manager Data Scientist Are you interested in working for one of the most exciting Data Science teams at Microsoft and unlocking tangible value for our Worldwide Commercial Business, sellers and customers’ The digital shift is changing industries and reinventing how commercial businesses work and deliver value to their customers? Microsoft is positioned to help every customer embrace the digital revolution, with the breadth of our portfolio from devices to cloud services, and breakthrough innovation from mixed reality to artificial intelligence. The Worldwide Commercial Strategy and Business Analytics team leads our commercial strategy work and delivers valuable predictive analytics to the Microsoft Sales Teams to rapidly identify and seize opportunities, optimize seller efficiency, grow new business and increase usage and consumption with customers. Culture and values: The Advanced Behavior and analytics team strives to: Hire and nurture the best people through a culture of passion, creativity, diversity, learning, and respect. Advocate good citizenship and supports the freedom to actively pursue suggestions, ideas, and creative approaches, leading to continuous improvement and excellence in everything we do. The WW Commercial Business Data Scientist will be part of the exciting new Advanced Behavior and analytics team and will be instrumental in working with various sources of business and behavioral data to develop Machine Learning algorithms and models focused primarily on enabling the Microsoft sales force (sellers and partners) in: Account/customer optimization - Opportunity probability - Sales force effectiveness - Sales force optimization This position will provide an opportunity to apply end-to-end, architecture-to-algorithms knowledge of machine learning technology and big data analytics in the field of Sales Strategy. Your responsibilities: • Work closely with Business Solution Managers to formulate their business problem as a data science problem • Develop, test, and validate data Models • Implement scalable, efficient machine learning algorithms and continuously improve them. • Partner on deep dives into data to find key insights that impact the business and surface actionable recommendations. • Collaborate, leverage and partner with existing data science resources and capabilities across Microsoft to help prioritize and optimize resources, projects while sharing best practices. Provide strong WCB data science capabilities: o Ownership and leadership of niche targeted models. o Agility and flexibility to deliver small, fast turnaround analytics o Incubation environment to test models prior to hand off to other data scientist teams. Leverage and showcase the latest and best Microsoft technology. Qualifications: • 3 years business analytics experience or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent required Coursework in Statistics, data science/machine learning. • Familiarity with a variety of statistical models &amp; methods (time-series analysis, regression analysis, clustering, classification, hypothesis testing, etc) • Strong coding skills. SQL, R, Python, C++, C# strongly preferred • Exceptional problem solving and data analysis skills • Deep understanding of efficient data structures and algorithms • Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders, executives and subject matter experts Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322569 1073550 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 