 Back to search results Prev Job 159 of 500 Next Business Analytics Specialist Are you passionate about building, managing and optimizing databases (SQL) and about working with data to solve business problems that directly impact our customer’s success? Are you excited about gaining new insights &amp; intelligence and about answering critical questions plus driving for decisions based on data? We are looking for a highly motivated, creative and analytical thinking person who can build and maintain our next Business Intelligence Platform, which will power the Digital Win Room (DWR) and its related tools. The Predictive Analytics and Strategy Team within the Digital Acceleration Team seeks you to help in drive business impact through the design, implementation and management of our Business Intelligence Platform based on SQL on Azure. One of your key responsibilities will be to closely partner with the Digital Win Room team, to help driving our most important transformational deals through the establishment of a solid and modern BI platform. We are looking for a talented and experienced Data Engineer, who is an expert on SQL Server and who has knowledge about our internal databases and tools (e.g. WWMAL, MS-Sales, MSX, etc.) This is a hands-on role where you will be building what you need from scratch. Preferred Qualifications and Skills: • Bachelor’s degree • 5 years business analytics experience • Self-starter with a very strong passion for using data to influence business decisions and strategic investments • Candidate should have a proven record in designing and building data ware houses and in data/business analytics • 5 years of demonstrated success as Data Engineer • Excellence in Excel and writing SQL queries for data manipulation is a pre-requisite • Solid SQL Server data warehouse and database related Azure services knowledge required • Excellent oral and written communication skills and ability to present and discuss data models and analysis to a range of audiences across development, operations and business teams in Microsoft • Ability to intelligently integrate a wide range of data sources and analysis to answer core business questions and discover growth opportunities • Candidate must have the ability to lead and to build trust quickly with sales teams and leader • Ability to translate findings into clear business insights is key for this position Key tasks and responsibilities: • Design, build and maintain our next BI Platform based on SQL (Azure) • Seek out and pull in data across Microsoft organizations and systems and ensure interconnection between data sources to support cross-group activities • Dig into new data sources and unusual and interesting data points with little supervision • Organize and present findings to upper-level management in a clear and compelling way • Come up with creative ways to expand the roadmap for the Digital Win Room BI Platform Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322669 1073761 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 