 Back to search results Prev Job 327 of 500 Next Business Analytics Specialist, Services Insights, Solutions Strategy &amp; Operattions Do you have a passion for and a desire to shape the business insights into a competitive differentiator? A passion for working with decision science, advanced analytics, business teams and data management partners to influence how insights are developed, operationalized and leveraged? The Data Sciences team is the go-to partner for Services Insights for their insights and analytics needs. This team builds the relationships and engagement model with the Decision Science, Advanced Analytics and Data Management partners, understands the business goals, strategic drivers, success outcomes and associated behaviors, leading to the findings and insights needed to support the business outcomes. You will partner to meet a spectrum of demand across insights, analytics, decision-boards &amp; scorecards. Business Analytics Specialist We are looking for a business intelligence specialist who can drive the vision and strategy for our new role-based experiences, lead the next generation BI platform, architect the BI and analytic integration, synthesize, merge and transform the existing BI &amp; reporting capabilities with the new platform, partner with other engineering teams and organizations to enable a world class support experience and rich insights Key accountabilities: • Engage broadly with the Decision Science teams to frame, structure and prioritize business problems where insights can have the biggest impact • Act as an evangelist and catalyst for insights innovation • Apply advanced analytics concepts towards rich and bold insights • Lead the next generation BI and Analytics experiences as a self-serve capability • Synthesize, merge and transform the existing BI &amp; reporting capabilities with the new experiences • Create and realize an approach that leverages cloud first, big data oriented techniques • Partner with leaders to frame, shape and execute on the critical insights for business decisions • Build a strong vendor team of BI architects, developers, analysts and PMs. • Create and manage a robust, sustainable cloud first big data architecture that supports requirements and provides for expansion. • Oversee the design of the data and technical architecture of the operational data store, data lake, data mart, pipelines and other assorted reporting/distribution services. Qualifications and Experience desired: • 6+ years of technical experience including 3+years BI &amp; reporting, strong passion for solving big challenges with demonstrated history of innovative thinking and problem-solving skills • Experience building and operationalizing complex, large scale, highly available BI experiences • Proven track record of shipping through multiple cycles • Strong skills and experience in Microsoft BI stack, SQL, and preferred skills in big data technologies, ADL, Hadoop • Great design and architecture skills with a strong bias for BI • Leading with engineering &amp; information architecture partners on design &amp; architecture • Excellent written and oral communication skills, particularly the ability to synthesize complex issues/scenarios into easy-to-understand concepts • An attention to detail with self-discipline and a drive for results • Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries • A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business Information Systems, or closely related field Who we are In Microsoft Services Business Operations (SBO), our goal is to power Worldwide Services through a common operating model that simplifies and improves customer and employee experiences. Our team drives a broad range of shared services functions that include Operations, Services Insights, Role Excellence, and Business Solutions &amp; Tools for both the Enterprise Services and Customer Services and Support businesses. Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success, with over 22,000 employees worldwide, is dedicated to delivering on Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We are the voice of support services, the trusted advisor of consulting services, and the source of the world’s best enterprise strategies. Simply put, Services helps customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments. For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. WWDSS Job # 325388 1078626 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Consulting services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 