 Back to search results Prev Job 336 of 500 Next Business Planner Are you interested in driving business planning for our cloud database and data warehouse businesses? Are you passionate about business strategies, business models, and data-driven decision making? Are you an analytical problem solver who can work across teams to get great things done and deliver quantifiable impact? If you said yes to all of these questions, we want to talk to you! The Cloud + Enterprise team is looking for a talented individual to join a great team focused on creating business models to drive growth for the C+E business. As a Senior Business Planner on the Data Platform Business Planning team, you will own the business strategy and pricing models for the cloud relational database portfolio. These products are a critical growth driver for the future of the C+E data platform business and we’re looking for an enthusiastic self-starter who can take our SKU strategy to the next level. Areas of responsibility include: • Landing business model strategies for our relational cloud database portfolio including SKU line-up, pricing, and service meters where appropriate. • Leading cross-functional teams to create, implement, and refine business models. • Partnering with engineering, product marketing, and other teams to drive cross-discipline initiatives for exceptional business results. • Defining and delivering the business model decisions for any new or updated Cloud Databases. • Developing key metrics, forecasts, and reporting in partnership with finance and engineering to monitor the business performance. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of strategy, consulting, finance, program management, or business planning Preferred Qualifications: • Thrives in a fast-paced environment • Excellent business analysis, communication and presentation skills • Ability to be articulate, to think strategically and in a structured manner, and to land data-driven recommendations with engineering and business partners at a senior executive level • A strong degree of comfort with and ability to structure, scope and solve complex problems with the ability to take an idea from conception to execution • Ability to analyze data to develop actionable insights, comfortable in quantitative analysis, building and using complex models (economic or statistical or financial) • Ability to turn data into a clear and insightful story • Ability to successfully resolve ambiguous or potential conflict situations and drive alignment • Advanced Excel &amp; Power BI skills required, technical background a plus • And, of course, the basics: detail oriented, collaborative, customer focused, strategic thinker, adaptive, and strong communicator with ability to impact/influence Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325510 1078350 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 