 Back to search results Prev Job 138 of 500 Next Business Analytics Specialist If you love the pursuit of excellence and are inspired by the challenges that come through driving innovations that impact how the world lives, works and plays, then we invite you to learn more about Microsoft Operations - and the value we deliver across Microsoft and to our customers and partners. We offer unique opportunities to work on interesting global projects in an environment that appreciates diversity, focuses on talent development and recognizes and rewards great work. Responsibilities: • The following responsibilities encompass the entire BI stack, including data warehouse, standard reports, analysis, dashboards, and scorecards. • Leverages clear data to identify business insights and influence change with stakeholders • Synthesize and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from data platform using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques to support actionable business decisions. • Employs predictive analytics to recast business results and scenarios to help solve business problems, with data and subject matter expertise in more than one area. • Build a “data analysis practice” with both full- and self-service models for investigations, and a regular engagement rhythm to empower the entire organization with data-driven decisions. • Present and communicate broadly across the business groups to drive the future strategy for new launches - grounded in analytics. • Provide input and feedback to the solution design by working side-by-side with other launch &amp; readiness PMs / Transactional systems. Build and coordinate prototype reviews with end users. • Create the user acceptance test plans and test criteria, ensuring requirements are met and testing is timely and complete, which results in high user readiness and satisfaction. • Create and implement a control plan, monitor all key performance indicators (KPIs), and analyze any variance found outside of acceptable range in reactive and predictive analytics. • Gather feedback and lead improvements for planning; requirements gathering; and data quality and release processes, which enable more efficient delivery of future solutions. • Help develop the skills of the entire team as data-savvy leaders who ask great questions and make informed decisions. • Plan and manage requirements for data, reports, analyses, metadata, training, service levels, data quality, and performance that can be fed into OpsBI stack. • Identify stakeholders and effectively set and manage stakeholder expectations, which result in high or improved customer satisfaction. • Recommend improvements in methodologies or frameworks to achieve consistent, predictable, and repeatable processes and projects. Leverage statistical capabilities to analyze data and interpret results in business context; present detailed findings and recommendations to key stakeholders at all levels to enable decision-making towards optimized business results. • Effectively drives alignment with stakeholders on key issues, identify and facilitate an effective decision-making process. • Build a stakeholder community in support of the BI solution to share best practices Deliverables: • Business user story requirements • Business prioritization • Process Improvement • Test Plans/Training Plans / BI Community • KPIs • Reactive/Predictive data analysis • Statistical analysis / Business Insights Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree Preferred Qualifications: • Degree in a quantitative field (Sciences, Engineering, Economics, Math etc.) • Master’s degree in a quantitative field preferred but not required. • 3 years minimum experience using Machine Learning techniques or in a Machine Learning-focused role • 3-5 years of experience in data science or business analytics, experience on Microsoft BI stack and exposure to Big Data, machine learning and data mining, large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, MapReduce and other big data technologies including experience in Excel and SQL queries for data manipulation, R, Python, SAS, AzureML or similar languages • An experienced people manager and leader with a proven track record of strong talent development, attraction and retention. • Self-starter with a strong passion for using data to influence business decisions and strategy investments. • Ability to intelligently integrate a wide range of data sources and analysis to answer core business questions and discover growth opportunities. • Excellent oral and written communication skills and ability to present and discuss data models and analysis to a range of audiences across development, operations and business teams in Microsoft • Exceptional ability to effectively negotiate and collaborate across teams and organizations Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320723 1069614 Locations United States, Reno (NV) Job families Supply chain &amp; operations management Teams Supply chain &amp; operations management Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 