 Back to search results Prev Job 273 of 500 Next Business Program Manager Digital advertising will play a critical role in driving post-device-sale revenue for Microsoft Services and Devices. Not only does advertising help fund investment in premium content and experiences that consumers love, it also provides a rich, immersive canvas that allows marketers to reach consumers in a relevant manner across services and screens. The Programmatic Display team within Microsoft Advertising &amp; Post Sale Monetization Group (MSA&amp;PSM) is at the center of determining what direction advertising will take in this new world. As we chart new territory in taking display advertising to a global, high scale and high quality business across the Microsoft portfolio – we are looking for a Business Program Manager to lead the display personalization/data (Targeting) advertising business across Microsoft’s ad-funded consumer services. We are looking for someone who can build strong relationships with customers and partners, bring the voice of the customer (VoC) and current data trends into our product and business decisions, and deliver against revenue and CM targets for Programmatic Display and Video advertising. Key accountabilities include: • Personalization Display Revenue: Accountability for meeting personalization programmatic revenue and rate KPIs globally for Microsoft Display advertising. • Personalization advertising expertise: Robust understanding of personalization/data advertising across Display, Mobile, and Video. This includes an understanding of advertising data across users, attribution and different inventory sources. • Technical Integration Lead: Owns the architecture of our data integration with our key partners, which includes segment data integration, Id mapping, onboarding new data partners, reporting and revenue recognition. • Engineering relationships: Building strong relationships with internal and external engineering teams to lead new product discussions, as well as troubleshoot and lead any escalations or issues. • Sales Partner Relationships: Ownership of sales relationships and partnerships to help our sales partners (OATH and AppNexus) drive Personalization advertising for MSFT Display and Video inventory. • Opportunity Assessment: Work across sales, publisher and other partner teams to uncover and evaluate new personalization/data opportunities for Programmatic to ensure that we can meet and exceed business objectives. • Voice of the Customer (VoC): Bring customer feedback into product and policy decisions to achieve our goals. The decisions we make now will shape the future of Display Advertising, and this role is critical to help us serve our customers in a way that meets their needs while staying focused on profitability. The successful candidate has a deep, practical understanding of what it takes to scale new businesses – with a focus on Digital Advertising and Programmatic buying. She or he must be a highly-motivated self-starter with a successful track record of delivering against revenue and CM accountability for a global business. She or he is motivated by diving into ambiguous situations and driving immediate impact -- and wants to be part of an organization where the decisions we make, and the scale of the investments we undertake, have the potential to change the face of digital advertising. The successful candidate also has a strong passion for technology and for our customers, and have the following: • Bachelor Degree Required, MBA or other Advanced Degree Preferred • 5+ years professional experience related to business analysis • Strong sales, account management, and/or business development experience • Solid understanding of the digital advertising industry and programmatic buying, with an emphasis in digital data a plus. • Strong business communication skills, both written and verbal, and ability to successfully influence partners, colleagues and sr. execs • Proven experience establishing strong collaborative relationships across functional organizations and geographic regions • Highly motivated, flexible self-starter willing to “roll-up up their sleeves” to effectively overcome hurdles and drive business results • Passionate about winning in online advertising and ability to thrive in a highly competitive, fast-paced, ever-changing environment #BINGJOBS Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321989 1072323 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies Advertising Teams Advertising Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 