 Back to search results Prev Job 220 of 500 Next Business Analytics Specialist Are you interested in working for the team inside the Microsoft Worldwide Commercial Business that is chartered with driving growth driving growth through strategic projects, big deal execution, and advanced &amp; behavioral analytics? The digital shift is changing industries and reinventing how commercial businesses work and deliver value to their customers. Microsoft is positioned to help every customer embrace the digital revolution, with the breadth of our portfolio from devices to cloud services, and breakthrough innovation from mixed reality to artificial intelligence. We also can provide many of these advanced capabilities to our own sales teams. Within the Worldwide Commercial Business, the Strategy and Business Analytics (SBA) team leads our commercial strategy work. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team, within SBA, is a key part of this effort. This is a new and growing team that will consist of approximately 30 highly analytics professionals, with a goal of driving growth by arming our Worldwide Commercial Business leaders and Microsoft Sales teams with valuable insights through predictive analytics and business Intelligence. This allows them to rapidly identify and seize opportunities, optimize seller efficiency, grow new business and increase usage and consumption with customers. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team is looking for an experienced highly motivated Data Analyst. This person should be intellectually curious, interested in peeling the onion on analysis and looking for insights in data that can turn into actionable recommendations that drive growth. You will have the opportunity to become an expert on new data sources in the area of behavioral analytics and be challenged by incorporating external data sources into analysis. In this role, you will be in a project-based setting, collaborating with other roles to solve complex and forward-looking business problems (Business Consultants, Data Engineers, Data Scientist). These problems will range from shorter-term strategic questions from executives, to analyzing the correlation between activities/behavior and outcomes to longer term predictive and prescriptive analytical capabilities that help answer questions such as: • Can I determine the ideal sales team structure for a particular customer? • Can I assess the probability a deal will close? • Who is the right customer decision maker to engage with on an opportunity? • Which partner is best suited for this deal and when do we engage? • How do we identify the right readiness programs for field sellers? Key duties: • Ability to mine datasets to identify information &amp; insights that is relevant to answer key questions. • Engage broadly with the business teams to frame, structure and prioritize business problems. • Either partnering with the Business Consultant, or directly leading the project team in translating data &amp; insights into stories, headlines &amp; recommendations that the business can use to drive impact. • Design, develop, and iterate, though use of visual displays of data and insights to explain past behavior and to predict future behavior across Business Units. • Design and implement changes in the key business processes to incorporate rapidly-changing business strategies. • Perform statistical analysis to measure key business metrics, and make recommendations to the business on impacts to performance. • Collaborate and help Improve data systems and algorithms that drive business performance by providing feedback to respective business owners &amp; data scientist teams on anomalies and gaps. • Discover trends in customer and seller behavior through mining of transaction-level datasets. • Work creatively with data engineers to help create and maintain systems capable of extracting detail from systems, transforming data to a common taxonomy. Technical/Academic Skills: • A Bachelor’s degree in Management Information System, Business Information Systems, Finance or related field. MBA is preferred, background in computer science is a plus. • 5 years data analytics experience. • Great design and architecture skills with a strong bias for BI &amp; analytics approaches. • Relevant progressive work experience applying methods to business problems, driving improved decision-making and outcomes. • Advanced Excel skills (Pivots, dimensional modeling, linking to external data sources) • Ability to create visual representations of relevant data in various tools, e.g. XLS, PBI, bots, Apps. • Personal Attributes/Interpersonal Skills: • Excellent written and oral communication skills, particularly the ability to synthesize complex issues/scenarios into easy-to-understand concepts across both technical and non-technical audience’s. • Demonstrated business experience; self-motivated, confident working at a senior executive level and comfortable working in a matrixed organization. • An attention to detail with self-discipline and a drive for results. • Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations, within project structure and across organizational boundaries. • Possess a high degree of intellectual curiosity, tenacity and commitment to uncover new and interesting insights. • Agility to flex skill sets across multiple projects - we hypothesize, build, measure, and iterate rapidly. • Extensive problem-solving skills, self-confidence, and leadership qualities. • Ability to create effective relationships, listen, communicate, influence, and collaborate cross-team at all organizational levels. Preferred skills: • Working knowledge of the MS BI stack, including Integration Services, Analysis Services, Reporting Services. • Experience in Microsoft systems and data. • Proficiency in at least one of the following languages, preferably both: SQL, C# • Experience in Big Data environments e.g. CRM • Knowledge of cloud services, such as Windows Azure or Amazon Web Services • Understanding of Big Data platforms, such as Hadoop or COSMOS • Basic Data manipulation and analytics proficiency, using R, SPSS, or similar language Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325172 1078125 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 