 Back to search results Prev Job 262 of 500 Next Business Insights Manager Are you interested in working for the team inside the Microsoft Worldwide Commercial Business that is chartered with driving growth through strategic projects, big deal execution, and advanced &amp; behavioral analytics? The digital shift is changing industries and reinventing how commercial businesses work and deliver value to their customers. Microsoft is positioned to help every customer embrace the digital revolution, with the breadth of our portfolio from devices to cloud services, and breakthrough innovation from mixed reality to artificial intelligence. We also can provide many of these advanced capabilities to our own sales teams. Within the Worldwide Commercial Business, the Strategy and Business Analytics (SBA) team leads our commercial strategy work. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team, within SBA, is a key part of this effort. This is a new and growing team that will consist of approximately 30 highly analytic professionals, with a goal of driving growth by arming our Worldwide Commercial Business leaders and Microsoft Sales teams with valuable insights through predictive analytics and business Intelligence. This allows them to rapidly identify and seize opportunities, optimize seller efficiency, grow new business and increase usage and consumption with customers. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team consumes data from several internal and external sources and will be supplying analytics to multiple Worldwide Commercial Business groups. We are looking for a Data Engineer to help combine the data from these disparate systems and build a data model to enable the complex analysis that we will be performing. Responsibilities include: • Design, build, and deploy data models and cubes in Analysis Services to support projects ranging from shorter-term strategic questions from executives, to analysis around the correlation between behavioral activities and outcomes, to longer term predictive and prescriptive analytical questions such as those below1 • Driving database design, installation, configuration, and documentation activities • Monitor and troubleshoot Microsoft SQL Server, Analysis Services and associated jobs/processes • Monitor performance of database and infrastructure (including storage) using various performance tools • Ensure problems and error conditions are promptly and appropriately addressed • Develop and deploy SQL Server stored procedure changes or scripts as needed to various environments • Manage data environment and infrastructure permissions • Research and resolve SQL Server issues as required Relevant Characteristics and Experience for the Data Engineer Role: • Designing and building n-tier architecture data solutions with experience with both on-premises and Azure-based infrastructures • IT experience as a developer to design and develop cross platform integration and ETL solutions • Significant knowledge of data modeling and understanding of different data structures and their benefits and limitations in practical applications • Hand-on experience in open source big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Storm and HBase is a benefit • Experience with monitoring, backup, and disaster recovery of data systems • Familiarity with Windows Server administration, Windows Active Directory/User Authentication, and Certificate Administration • Ability to evaluate end-user business requirements, translate them into technical specifications, and then develop and implement the appropriate technical solutions • Passion for leading-edge tools and technologies • Excellent oral and written communication including strong collaboration skills • Broad understanding and experience with the Microsoft platform • Ability to identify risks before they occur and to develop mitigation and avoidance strategies • Demonstrated self-learner and self-starter with a proactive approach. 1 Types of longer term Predictive and Prescriptive analytics questions • “Can I determine the ideal sales team structure for a particular customer?” • “Can I assess the probability a deal will close?” • “Who is the right customer decision maker to engage with on an opportunity?” • “Which partner is best suited for this deal and when do we engage?” • “How do we identify the right readiness programs for field sellers?” Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 291466 1059151 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 