 Back to search results Prev Job 136 of 500 Next Cloud Solution Architect CEE M This role will own the Data Platform technical customer engagement for the US Public Sector Pooled CSU team including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Key responsibilities include: • Drive the deployment of customer workloads onto SQL Server and Azure Data Services to increase their consumption of the Microsoft Data Platform by providing deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers. • Develop deep relationships with key customer IT decision makers, who drive long-term data platform adoption within their company. • Identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate deployment and consumption in your assigned customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Microsoft and 3rd party solutions. • Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. • Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights. • Coach other technical sellers to become certified in the required Data Platform technical certifications. Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: • Deep understanding of data platform technologies, upgrading to modern SQL Server releases, migrating competitive databases to SQL Server, Cortana Intelligence, Microsoft BI technologies, and emerging computing trends • Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing data platform share in large or highly strategic accounts • Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication • 5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) • 5+ years of architecture, design, implementation, and/or support of complex application architectures (i.e. having an architectural sense for connecting data sources, data visualization, structured and unstructured data, etc.) • Deep technical experience in one or more of the following areas: Database architecture, ETL, Data Mining, Business Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning, Data Governance, No-SQL databases, Advanced Analytics • Leadership experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams • Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences • Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as SalesForce, Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Avanade, T-Systems, Wipro, CSC, HP, Infosys, ServiceNow, Dell, TCS, Rackspace, Softlayer Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323958 1075014 Locations United States, Other (United States) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 