 Back to search results Prev Job 153 of 500 Next Cloud Solution Architect Industry Data Solution Architect- Consumer Goods The Consumer Goods (CPG) Industry Solution Architect Data Services (I-DSA) possesses deep industry solution expertise and drives high priority customer initiatives in collaboration with industry POD, WW Industry team and Microsoft field. The I-DSA is a technical, customer facing role that is accountable for the end-to-end customer cloud analytics experience. I-DSAs own the Azure technical customer engagement including: • Architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have long experience in customer facing roles and success with target industry customers leading business process, cloud analytics, architecture, and design discussions with customer executives to drive deployment of industry solutions. Responsibilities: • Drive deployment of C+E target industry solutions into C+E Cloud (Azure required + Dynamics 365) and increase the consumption these solutions and the related Azure data and analytics services, including SQL Database, Document DB, SQL Data Warehouse, HD Insight, Machine Learning, Stream Analytics, Cognitive Services, Data Factory, Event/Notification Hubs. • Establish deep relationships with key OT/IT decision makers, who drive long-term cloud data adoption as mean to resolve business problems within their company. • Lead mapping of business/ industry solution goals &amp; requirements to Azure Data based architecture and data technology solutions while taking a systems-wide view of the customer &amp; apos’s existing solution data landscape. • Architect scalable data processing and analytics solutions, including technical feasibility and proposal development for Big Data storage, processing and consumption (e.g., development of enterprise Data Lake strategy, heterogeneous data management, Polyglot Persistence, decision support/BI over Data Lake), Power BI. • Deep focus on Data/IoT related Azures services including, Analytics, Data + Storage ( SQL Data Warehouse, SQL Server Stretch Database, Azure Search), Intelligence, Internet of Things, Hybrid Integration, Compute (SQL VMs, etc). • Design, coordinate and execute pilots, prototypes or proof of concepts, provide validation on specific scenarios. • Drive the quality of the onboarding plan (with Microsoft Consulting Services and Industry Solution Partners). • Report on progress of customer as business objectives; Ensure plan execution by Industry Solution Partners. • Coach other technical sellers; document and share technical best practices / insights with Engineering teams and the solution architect community. Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: • Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends and their impact on target industry organizations (data architecture focus) • 5+ years of experience with deep understanding in databases and analytics, including Big data (Hadoop, Spark), Business Analytics, relational databases (e.g., SQL Server, etc). • 5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects in target industry (managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) • Understanding of big data use-cases and Hadoop-based design patterns; machine learning models. • Knowledge of real time/stream analytics. Highly valued: • experience using R; experience with Marketing or Risk analytics solutions for Enterprises. • Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing cloud consumption share in large or highly strategic accounts • Problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and/or external resources • Exceptional verbal and written communication • Oversight experience on major transformation projects and successful cloud transitions. • Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences • Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position is highly valued within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, SalesForce, Accenture/Avanade, Google, Softlayer, GE, Siemens, SAP, Oracle ? Experience with Visual Studio a plus. Education: • Technical BS degree, Computer Science or Math background highly desired. • MBA optional. • MS in fields related to target industry a plus. 30% travel required. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 304485 1061443 Locations United States, Other (United States) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 