 Back to search results Prev Job 108 of 500 Next Cloud Solution Architect Every customer has applications that can’t go down and need a platform that they can depend on for availability, scalability and security. Do you want to be at the heart of the future data platform? Do you want to be a part of the team that makes Microsoft data platform the global standard for excellence? From Big data scenarios to next generation Enterprise Solutions to Advanced Analytics scenarios, our customers are challenged with how to design scalable solutions that can address the volume, variety and velocity of data they must deal with and the time to insight that will differentiate their business. Are you interested in working at the heart of the Data Platform for Microsoft? Azure is Microsoft’s world-class cloud computing platform used to build, host, and scale cloud applications. The breath of innovation in Microsoft’s Data Platform is expansive with relational offerings (SQL Server in the cloud and on-premises), comprehensive data movement and orchestration facilities (Azure Data Factory and SSIS), Big Data (Hadoop and Spark), Streaming (Azure Stream Analytics and Storm), rich visualizations and self-service BI (Power BI, R and Python), Advanced Analytics (Azure Machine Learning, Revolution R and Python) and IoT Solutions. Come join the Cloud and Enterprise team in the Enterprise Partner Group (EPG) as a Cloud Solution Architect Data Platform and be front and center in our customers’ transformation to Microsoft’s Data Platform. By joining this team, you’ll be at the forefront of interesting and strategic customer engagements from inception through design, execution and deployment, on-premises as well as in Azure. At the same time, you’ll be playing an influential role in transforming Microsoft to a Mobile First, Cloud First Company. As a Cloud Solution Architect Data Platform (CSA DP), you will be driving high priority customer initiatives in tight collaboration with customers, partners and the Microsoft community. The CSA DP is a technical customer facing role that will be accountable for the end-to-end customer data platform design, architecture and deployment. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and have led successful technical and economic value discussions with senior customer executives, driving decisions and implementation. In this role, you would be responsible to: - Interface with both the generalists and specialists in the MSFT sales and delivery teams (including partners, services, Internal Microsoft Product / Service organizations) focused on consumption of the Data platform in high potential accounts - Design, coordinate and execute pilots to modernize customers’ Tier-1 mission-critical solutions for performance, scalability, latency, reliability - Execute technical proposals for optimizing and modernizing identified workloads Design data platform mission critical solutions and migrations to the Microsoft data platform - Possess in depth knowledge of competing technologies in database, data warehousing and big data e.g., Oracle, Redshift, Teradata IBM and HANA - Design data storage, movement, orchestration solutions and create rich visualizations - Identify, scope and participate in the design and delivery of advanced analytic solutions (e.g., predictive maintenance, predictive health care, etc.) and IoT solutions with the assistance of the Advanced Analytics and IoT expert teams - Select and execute a platform modernization approach for customers’ data environments; - Drive the quality of the DP modernization plan with Microsoft Consulting Services or partners - Design, coordinate and execute pilots, prototypes or proof of concepts, provide validation on specific scenarios and provide deployment guidance - Document and share technical best practices / insights with engineering and the architect community Design solutions for structured data technologies and understand unstructured data technologies Basic Qualification for this position: - 5+ years’ experience in technical pre-sales or technical consulting Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324305 1076926 Locations United States, Edina (MN) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 