 Back to search results Prev Job 157 of 500 Next Cloud Solution Architect CLOUD SOLUTION ARCHITECT ADVANCED ANALYTICS &amp; AI Joining The Microsoft Team Means? Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places, they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking - a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture&gt; Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us&gt; Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. We are looking for a Cloud Solution Architect for Advanced Analytics &amp; AI to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Data Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field. This is a customer facing role, responsible for providing end-to-end technical guidance and expertise on the Microsoft Data Platform (Azure and on-premises). The Impact You’ll Be Making? This role will own the Data Platform technical customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Key responsibilities include: • Drive the deployment of customer workloads onto Azure Data Services and SQL Server to increase their consumption of the Microsoft Data Platform by providing deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers. • Develop deep relationships with key customer ITDMs and BDMs, who drive long-term data platform adoption within their company. You will also identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate deployment and consumption in your assigned customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Microsoft and 3rd party solutions. • Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. • Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights. • Coach other technical sellers to become certified in the required Data Platform technical certifications. Who we’re looking for? Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: • Deep understanding of data platform technologies, Cortana Intelligence, Microsoft BI technologies, upgrading to modern SQL Server releases, migrating competitive databases to SQL Server, and emerging computing trends • Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing data platform share in large or highly strategic accounts • Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication • 5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) • 5+ years of architecture, design, implementation, and/or support of complex application architectures (i.e. having an architectural sense for connecting data sources, data visualization, structured and unstructured data, etc.) • Deep technical experience in one or more of the following areas: Database architecture, Big Data, Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, Data Governance, No-SQL databases, Advanced Analytics, Data Mining, ETL • Leadership experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams • Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences • Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as SalesForce, Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Avanade, T-Systems, Wipro, CSC, HP, Infosys, ServiceNow, Dell, TCS, Rackspace, Softlayer Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324337 1076976 Locations United States, Burlington (MA) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 