 Back to search results Prev Job 74 of 500 Next DATA ANALYST II Windows, Xbox, HoloLens, Surface, we work on it all! As a Data Analyst in the Content Experiences team you will apply your passion for analytics and insights to a wide variety of business problems that impact the Windows and Devices Group. We work on experiences for consumers, developers, IT pros, and security professionals. Do you enjoy generating actionable insights to help teams make business decisions? Do you want to leverage your experiences and skills in data analytics and reporting? Do you prefer to work in a fun, fast-paced environment and focus on quality deliverables? Do you feel excited when your work positively influences customer experiences? Do you want to be part of enabling the next billion-dollar business? Come contribute, shape, and redefine the future of Windows and devices. We are looking for an analyst with a can-do attitude and passion for data-driven culture, as well as commitment to teamwork, collaboration, and customer satisfaction. In this role you will: • Analyze complex data from a variety of source using diverse set tools and techniques • Provide actionable insights on acquisition, engagement, and retention efforts • Connect findings and recommendations to business goals • Define, track and report key metrics to assess overall business health • Work with data engineers to operationalize dashboards Required qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science/Economics/Business or Engineering • 3+ years of hands on experience in customer analytics Highly preferred qualifications and experiences: • Strong quantitative and analytical skills • Advanced data visualization experience • Experience performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools like Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS • Strong storytelling skills • Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic environment • Eagerness to learn and help others • Familiarity with Agile development practices • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Customer focus and empathy Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321935 1071290 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Content publishing (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 