 Back to search results Prev Job 3 of 500 Next Data Scientist II The Core Data Science team inside the Windows and Devices Group (WDG) is hiring an experienced data scientist to join our team. Top candidates will have a record of using insights from data to make a positive impact on engineering and business decisions from a mix of data science/analysis and software/data engineering experience. WDG Core Data Science uses insights from data to improve the quality of experiences on our devices and services. Our work spans PCs, Xbox, mobile devices, HoloLens, browsers, apps, the web, and more. We combine our data science work with business and engineering knowledge to provide unique insight into customer scenarios that are leading the data-driven culture within WDG. Our work is highly varied and offers a chance to focus on many different data science techniques and aspects of the WDG business and beyond. As a Data Scientist, you will formulate approaches to solve problems using well-defined algorithms and data sources in context of customer, engineering, and business needs. You will use data exploration techniques to discover new opportunities within your problem area. You will interpret the results of analyses, validate approaches, and learn to monitor, analyze, and iterate to continuously improve. You will engage with stakeholders to produce clear, compelling, and actionable insights that influence product and service improvements that will impact millions of customers. You will also engage in the peer review process and act on feedback while learning innovative methods, algorithms, and tools to increase the impact and applicability of your results. We hire people with a desire to build great products and make business impact using statistical analysis, machine learning, experimentation, data mining, data visualization, and more. We welcome applications from diverse multi-disciplinary backgrounds, with analytical skills, engineering abilities, business interests, relentless curiosity, and a desire to improve the experiences of more than one billion customers. Basic Qualifications: ● 2+ years of experience in data science, statistics or machine learning. Desirable skills and expertise include: ● Experience performing data analyses including applying statistics ● Experience with experimentation, machine learning, deep learning, anomaly detection, predictive analysis, text analysis, exploratory data analysis, and other areas of data science are also valued ● Experience in a software development or other computer science role ● Experience performing data analysis including applying statistics ● Proficiency using tools and languages like R, Python, C#, Scala, MATLAB, and similar ● Degree in in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or other quant-focused field ● Engineering experience querying data from large data systems on Cosmos, Azure Data Lake, SQL, Hadoop, Spark, etc. ● Experience with product and service telemetry systems ● Ability to interact with peers and stakeholders to drive product and business impact ● Strong interpersonal and communications skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323144 1074280 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 