 Back to search results Prev Job 32 of 500 Next Data Engineer II Windows, Xbox, HoloLens, Surface, we work on it all! As a Data Engineer in the Content Experiences team you will apply your passion for data engineering to a wide variety of business problems that impact the Windows and Devices Group. We work on experiences for consumers, developers, IT pros, and security professionals. Do you enjoy designing and implementing data pipelines? Do you want to leverage your experiences and skills in data analytics and reporting? Do you feel motivated tackling enterprise scale and crunching big data? Do you prefer to work in a fun, fast-paced environment and focus on quality deliverables? Do you feel excited when your work positively influences customer experiences? Do you want to be part of enabling the next billion dollar business? Come contribute, shape, and redefine the future of Windows and devices. We are looking for an engineer with a can-do attitude and passion for data-driven culture, as well as commitment to teamwork, collaboration, and customer satisfaction. In this role you would: • Gather business and functional requirements and translate these requirements into robust, scalable, operational solutions that work well within the overall data architecture. • Engineer a modern data pipeline to collect, organize, and process data from disparate sources across the organization. • Consume and analyze data from the data pool to infer, predict and recommend actionable insights to evolve the experiences we create, and contribute to business growth. • Empower our analysis team and stakeholders with metrics and business intelligence to create a unified perspective of our business. • Innovate and enhance tools, services and processes to improve the productivity of content team and business partners. Required qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science/Economics/Business or Engineering • 5+ years of experience in data extraction, map reduce process, and/or data modeling Preferred qualifications: • Strong quantitative and analytical skills • Big data technologies designing and implementing rich data analytics • Implementing data warehouse solutions, ETL, Analytics and Reporting • Processing large, multi-dimensional datasets from multiple source • Monitoring and automating reporting • Developing scorecards in PowerBI or similar self-service BI • Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic environment • Eagerness to learn and help others • Familiarity with Agile development practices • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Customer focus and empathy Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324033 1075260 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Content publishing (engineering) Teams Operating systems Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 