 Back to search results Prev Job 76 of 500 Next Data Scientist Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with $70 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Microsoft is innovating rapidly to grow its share of this market by providing the advertising industry with a world-class online advertising platform and service. The Microsoft Ads Research &amp; Development team is one of the most strategic and growing teams at Microsoft. As part of a software company with powerful innovations and part media company with global properties, at Microsoft Ads we bring both our technical and creative side to the table. Through incisive analytics, we know who cares – both when and where. We understand how to get in front of the right people at the strongest point of influence. Above all, we love data and excel at interpreting it for our partners. The Relevance and Revenue (RnR) team is a world-class R&amp;D team of passionate and talented scientists, engineers and program managers who aspire to solve challenging problems and turn innovative ideas into high-quality products and services that can help hundreds of millions of users and advertisers, and directly impact our business. Goal of the team is to maintain a fair balance between revenue and relevance tradeoffs to efficiently manage the ROI for various marketplace stakeholders. The Marketplace team with in the Relevance and Revenue team focuses on several of the nuanced aspects in managing an ads marketplace, some of which include experimentation management, publisher management, deep analytical insights to advance new feature development. We are looking for a super energetic, data geek who is willing to work in a fast paced environment. Successful candidate in this role would love to solve ambiguous problems through analyzing big data. This individual will understand the search ads ecosystem, its various interactions and key performance drivers. Responsibilities Include: •Generate actionable insights to improve Bing Ads product, both in the short and long term. •Work closely with various feature teams, evaluating the feature impact across all the marketplace stakeholders. •Be a strategic advisor: Partner closely with across various teams to inform, influence and support business decisions around feature releases. •Drive presenting insights and recommendations to leadership teams across various projects. •Share best practices and processes across teams Basic Qualifications: •Experience in Data mining and qualitative analytics. •Understanding of statistical analytical tools and methodologies. •Be familiar with classic machine learning and data mining models and algorithms •Be familiar with classic algorithms and data structures •Be Skillful at C/C++/C# programming •Strong problem solving and data analysis skills •Have a strong interest in online advertising products, business models and system architectures •Experience in online Ad space preferred. •Be familiar with parallel programming framework and map/reduce tools like Hadoop. Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and strongly supports diversity in the work place. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320228 1068421 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 