 Back to search results Prev Job 98 of 500 Next Data Center Technician Microsoft’s Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) is the engine that powers our cloud services. We deliver the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft’s over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and the Microsoft Azure platform. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our portfolio is built and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. We are responsible for designing, building and operating our unified global datacenters; managing the demand planning and capacity utilization of our unified infrastructure; and responsible for all of the operations needed to run the physical infrastructure (including supply chain, hardware, power, security, and workflow teams). We focus on smart growth with an emphasis on automation, data driven engineering, cost-effectiveness and environmental sustainability. At the forefront of the action in MCIO is our Datacenter Operations Group. As a successful Datacenter Technician, your performance objectives will consist of: • Empower a culture of safety, security, and compliance in all aspect of datacenter activities • Establish and enhance strong working relationships with customers • Understand overall ticket management process • Perform power cycles, swap out failed components, handle storage media, and perform troubleshooting • Perform cable installations, testing and troubleshooting using standard data center processes • Perform hardware installations - rack / stack • Physically assist in moving and racking equipment • Update inventory systems as required • If required, assist Datacenter Deployment team with the deployment of datacenter infrastructure as needed to address high volume work activity • If required, assist Datacenter Inventory and Asset Management Team with shipping/receiving and inventory management to address high work volumes Basic Qualifications: • At least 2 years of experience supporting IT equipment or related technology or three 3 years of relevant IT-related course work Preferred Skills and Experience: • Ability to support frequent standing, walking, pushing, pulling, bending, reaching, lifting up to 50lbs, and working at heights • Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills • Valid license to drive standard street-legal automatic transmission vehicles within your DC’s local jurisdiction • Flexibility to work non-business hours (shifts) that may include weekends and/or holidays • Technical College degree in Computer Science, Math, Telecommunications, Electrical/Mechanical Engineering or equivalent work experience • Applicable certifications: CompTIA, Microsoft, Network Certifications • Strong working knowledge of physical IT infrastructures (e.g. Servers, SANs, Networking, etc.) • Experience to include operating heavy-load movement equipment (pallet jacks, chassis lifts, etc.) • Perform and execute organization’s safety programs and policies, and compliance knowledge assessments Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323174 1074407 Locations United States, San Antonio (TX) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 