 Back to search results Prev Job 25 of 500 Next Data Scientist Bing’s mission: To deliver the most relevant knowledge to our customers by being more than just a search engine – Bing’s goal is to be the decision engine. Data is critical to achieving that mission. At Bing, we have an enormous wealth of data, ranging from user interaction logs to web documents, from user feedback to system performance data. The Bing Advertiser Sciences Team is hiring extremely talented, highly motivated and productive individuals with expertise in the areas of: Computer Science, Machine Learning, Econometrics, Statistics, Modeling, Simulation and Data Mining. The team develops and applies advanced techniques to turn our petabytes of data into insights; and to drive actions based on those insights. The team works closely with partners across Microsoft’s Online Services Division to enable rigorous, effective, and data-driven decision making. Some example of the challenges we face: •Modeling the dynamics of the paid search market •Understanding Advertiser value, lifecycle, opportunity and marketing objectives •Designing and analyzing the results of large-scale online experiments Prototyping algorithms fundamental to managing and optimizing demand generation activities to support our search marketplace. At Bing, we offer a strong team environment, exciting applied research challenges, and a fun place to work. The work environment empowers you to have a real impact Microsoft’s business, our advertiser partners, and millions of end users. This role is a unique opportunity to work with a world-class, interdisciplinary group of researchers, analysts, and developers. Job Responsibilities include: •Develop and manage and develop analyses and algorithms that generate actionable insights and programs to improve Bing Ads demand generation activities including: increasing both long-term revenue and relevance. •Research and develop solutions for improving profits for Microsoft and returning value to the audience, advertisers and publishers (e.g. Ecosystem health, marketplace performance measurement, advertiser health, outlier detection, etc.). •Specific responsibilities include the following: Work with key business stakeholders to understand the underlying business needs and formulate, communicate and create buy-in for analytics approaches and solutions •Influence stakeholders to make product/service improvements that yield customer/business value by effectively making compelling cases through story-telling, visualizations, and other influencing tools. •Effective communicate and translate Bing Ads business strategy and goals into discrete, manageable problems with well-defined measurable objectives and outcomes on which the Advertiser Sciences team can execute. •Transform formulated problems into implementations plans for experiments by developing data sources, applying/creating the appropriate methods, algorithms, and tools, as well as delivering statistically valid and reliable results •Contribute to an environment of scientific inquiry which reinforces team standards for analytic rigor that is consistent with the broader Microsoft data sciences community and strives to apply the simplest viable approach for experiments and analysis Qualifications: •A Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning/AI or related fields. •Demonstrated experience in all phases of managing data science engagements including: problem definition, solution formulation and delivering measurable impact. •Experience with online data; experience with online-advertising data strongly preferred. •Knowledge and experience in at least three of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, user modeling, information retrieval (interrogation of log files and very large databases), economic modeling, econometrics, game theory, statistics, data analysis, e-metrics/measurement. •2+ years of experience in at least three of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, user modeling, information retrieval (interrogation of log files and very large databases), economic modeling, econometrics, game theory, statistics, data analysis, or e-metrics/measurement; 4+ years are preferred. •Experience with data analysis and statistical tools (e.g. Python, R, SAS, Matlab or SPSS). •Solid communications skills, both verbal and written. •Hands-on approach to data analysis and a strong focus on quality. •Ability to work independently and collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team environment Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 289268 1052901 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Products and technologies Bing Teams Bing Bing. Join the team that brings less searching and more doing. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 