 Back to search results Prev Job 17 of 500 Next Data Analyst Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to be part of a team lighting up actionable insights to help the organization make business decisions? If you excel in blending quantitative analysis with strategy development and want to influence the future of marketing at Microsoft, then this position is for you. Office Insight team is looking for a passionate, creative, analytical and experienced data analyst who loves big data, curious to explore and unveil insights and create a business story and reporting to impact key business decisions. Our team plays a key role in providing data and analytics within the Office Marketing group and owns the end to end decision sciences charter that includes: • bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth • creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health • building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans over marketing, partners, finance and engineering areas. This position is for a Data Analyst within Office Insights, a key role driving insights about our business model and health, pre-sales and post-sales activity of our users, acquisition and engagement efforts. The scope includes understanding and monitoring key metrics and ongoing analyses to inform overall strategy for acquisition, usage, and retention of our users. Also includes stakeholder engagement and close collaboration with and leveraging efforts of data scientists, data engineers and other data analysts of the Office Insights team. You are driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. To be successful in this role, you must have strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. Responsibilities: • Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques • Track and report key metrics to assess overall business health • Build dashboards based on business requirements to enable ongoing monitoring of business health • Work with data engineers to operationalize dashboards • Provide actionable insights on acquisition and engagement efforts. • Connect findings and recommendations to business initiatives Qualifications / skills: • 2-5 years’ hand on analytics experience with proven quantitative orientation • Master or Bachelor degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science/Economics/Business or Engineering • Advanced working knowledge of large data manipulation and data mining using SQL • Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills, familiarity with Power BI preferred • Exceptional problem solving, technical and data analysis skills • Good written and verbal communication and presentation skills • Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data • Ability to work in a team environment that promotes collaboration • Prior experience in B2B marketing acquisition, campaigns, marketing automation, content marketing, and digital marketing a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. #OfficeMktg Job # 303630 1060152 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 