 Back to search results Prev Job 38 of 500 Next Data Scientist The Microsoft Knowledge Graph team in the Artificial Intelligence Core Group (AI Core) is building an industry-leading knowledge graph and providing rich services to enable applications being built upon the graph. The Microsoft Knowledge Graph Team will leverage the best talent and infrastructure to build an industry-leading Knowledge Graph that will deliver the worlds knowledge to Bing.com and Microsoft’s internal and 3rd party customers. Success will be measured by correctness, coverage, and freshness of the data, and enablement of intelligent knowledge services and experiences. Our mission will only be accomplished through utilizing our advanced technologies to ensure knowledge data discovery and extraction, create a seamless onboarding and publishing experience, develop tools and pipelines for continual and automated coverage, correctness and freshness enrichment, and design a robust data management architecture. The team works on: - Discover, extract, collect and select valuable information from data sources in public and enterprise domains. - Curate, connect, and conflate the information to construct a large and densely connected entity knowledge graph. - Apply data quality, cleaning and semantic inference techniques to maintain high data quality. - Use machine learning, natural language processing and other data engineering technologies to automatically discover and construct entities and facts from semi-structured and unstructured data. - Provide a rich interface for applications to consume the graph. We are looking for a data scientist to join this strategic and challenging effort. Basic Qualifications: • 1+ Years of industry design and/or development experiences in C#/C++/Java. • Masters in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field. • 1+ years experiences with Machine Learning, Semantic Web, Knowledge Graph and Data Science, or Natural Language Processing. Preferred Qualifications: • PhD preferred • Experiences with Search Engine technologies • Expertise and practices in algorithms for Information Extraction, Semantic Web, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Natural language processing. Graduate degrees in those areas preferred • Experiences with designing and building efficient and scalable solutions for big data, especially on data quality and cleaning • Ability to learn and grasp concepts quickly in a fast-paced environment By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions within our organization for an invitation only interview day at our Redmond Campus on 12/8/17. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325241 1077876 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 