 Back to search results Prev Job 81 of 500 Next Data Protection Mgr, IPG, WW Digital, Services &amp; Success Microsoft Services’ Information Protection &amp; Governance (IPG) team is seeking a Data Protection (DP) Manager to contribute to the success of Services’ DP initiatives. IPG defines processes for customers’ data protection including privacy, security, governance, risk and compliance solutions, and provides guidance and oversight across the Services division. As the Data Protection Manager, you will proactively drive risk management and compliance objectives as a key partner and trusted advisor to Services planning teams, ensuring future state processes and programs have privacy and security included by design. Key to this role will be building effective working relationships across the business, proactively driving the adoption of key policies and standards relevant to the business. Also, important will be close coordination with regional IPG DP and Privacy Managers to see that relevant regional business and regulatory requirements are evaluated as key inputs into future strategies and program enhancements. To be the ideal candidate, you are a data protection, compliance or privacy professional with a passion for excellence, strong collaboration, and driving efficient outcomes. You should be very comfortable working across teams to lead and build consensus, resolve conflicts, and create positive long-term working relationships. You should also be able to work in a global environment, in a rapidly changing space, and be able to represent the team to customers, partners, and internal or external leadership. Our team values strong cross-team communication and collaboration, and proactive sharing of learnings and best practices to help make our whole team stronger. At the same time, to be successful in this role you need to be a self-motivated driver who can succeed with limited direction. Responsibilities: • Own DP compliance end-to-end for specific planning and process teams in CSS C&amp;E SBU and others • Lead functional virtual teams across planning &amp; delivery to incorporate DP requirements and best practices and to ensure consistency • Ensure that teams who are developing new or different ways to engage with customers or provide customer support are building in the right DP features and checkpoints. • Forge strong partnerships with your specific planning and process teams, in order to proactively review business strategies and complete risk-based data protection reviews at the optimal time in the change cycle • Author, improve, publish, and ensure adoption of data protection procedures, requirements, and guidance with your specific planning and process teams, and across the Services division • Author and deliver tailored training &amp; awareness as needed • Manage required audit activities, including validating evidence and control testing effectiveness Required Skills: • Understanding of enterprise compliance governance and oversight processes (information security standards, laws and regulations, privacy and security, risk management, control protocols, methodologies, and practices) with at least 5 years’ hands-on work in a fast-paced and matrixed environment with experience in privacy, security, or compliance disciplines • Familiarity with control frameworks and regulatory/compliance requirements such as ISO27001, HIPAA, FISMA/FedRamp, EU Data Protection Directive, etc. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to tailor communications based on audience • Strong project/program management abilities, driving projects and deliverables, and measuring results • Undergraduate degree (relevant field preferred), or equivalent experience • Data Governance, Privacy, or Information Security certifications such as CIPP, CISSP, CISA, CISM, IAPP, CFE, etc. (CIPP Preferred) To be successful the following additional capabilities are highly preferred: • Passion for deeply understanding customer needs and protecting customer rights while enabling business goals. • Ability to foster relationships and work with people in and outside the immediate organization and globally. • Demonstrated ability to influence and drive results-oriented change • Experience identifying and applying process optimization, innovation, or customer-focused improvements to existing processes • Able to help prioritize project work and improve programs based on team resources, capabilities, time and team focus • Self-motivated with ability to work with little supervision • Strong analytical, judgment and decision-making skills • Detail-oriented, organized and comfortable with multi-tasking in a fast-paced highly dynamic environment • Dedicated interest in applying risk based frameworks, policies and standards to technology organizations This role may be based in Redmond, WA, Fargo, ND, or Las Colinas, TX. Travel required to Redmond, WA twice annually. Who we are In Microsoft Services Business Operations (SBO), our goal is to power Worldwide Services through a common operating model that simplifies and improves customer and employee experiences. Our team drives a broad range of shared services functions that include Operations, Services Insights, Role Excellence, and Business Solutions &amp; Tools for both the Enterprise Services and Customer Services and Support businesses. Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success, with over 22,000 employees worldwide, is dedicated to delivering on Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We are the voice of support services, the trusted advisor of consulting services, and the source of the world’s best enterprise strategies. Simply put, Services helps customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments. For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. wwdss Job # 321895 1070440 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams (not team specific) Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 