 Back to search results Prev Job 249 of 500 Next DATACENTER PROJECT MANAGER Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure &amp; Operations (MCIO) is the team behind the Microsoft cloud. MCIO is responsible for delivering and managing the physical infrastructure that supports over 200 Microsoft online services around the world. Our scope includes hardware deployment and maintenance, critical environment services, security and compliance, incident management, and Data Centre partner/vendor management. Increasing demand for Microsoft Cloud Services across Europe, means that we now need to recruit a strong team of Data Centre professionals to support multiple facilities in region. The Data Centre Project Manager (DCPM) will act as the Microsoft onsite technical expert and single point of contact for all IT operations issues and escalations. The DCPM will work closely with the Microsoft appointed operational partners and vendors to deliver best in class services to our online Cloud services customers. As such, the DCPM will act as the on-site Microsoft representative and will provide guidance and direction on all Microsoft Data Centre policies, procedures, and operational requirements. Role &amp; Responsibilities The DCPM will report to the Data Centre Operations Manager (DCOM) and will be responsible for the following functions at the Data Centre: • Act as the technical lead for all IT queries and issues relating to deployments and break/fix activities. The DCPM will organize and prioritize IT tasks and projects within their data center. • Oversight and quality control of the on-site Operations teams via vendor/partner contracts and relationships. The DCPM will develop and maintain proactive relationships with the leased facility landlord, IT service providers, and partner support teams at the Data Centre. • The DCPM will have overall responsibility for the on time and defect free deployment of customer capacity across all service lines for their Data Centre. This will include the planning and supervision of all supporting physical infrastructure, logistics, and resources required to provide Cloud capacity to our internal customers. • Supervision and quality control of ongoing IT maintenance support for all service lines to pre-defined SLAs. This is to ensure service uptime is maintained to the highest standards and that faults are dealt with in a timely manner. • The DCPM will act as the single point of contact for incidents at their Data Centre that impact Microsoft cloud services and the proactive and timely resolution of such incidents. This will require close partnership with landlords and internal support teams. This may also require occasional site attendance outside of normal working hours depending on the severity of the incident. • The DCPM will be responsible for implementing and overseeing all security and compliance policies for their Data Centre. This will include engagement with the Data Centre Landlord and vendor support teams to ensure all local systems meet the Microsoft requirements set down by OSSC (Microsoft internal security and compliance team). All of the above may be subject to routine industry audits and the DCPM will be expected to assist in the preparation for and hosting of these audits. • The DCPM will be part of the wider regional team and will be expected to contribute to regional and global improvement programs as required. Occasional regional and international travel will be required. The DCPM role is a key technical and tactical role. In order to deliver on the responsibilities, set out above we expect candidates to demonstrate the following skills, qualifications, and competencies. Skills &amp; Competencies • Proven track record of operating in a fast paced, high availability production environment. Previous Data Centre operations experience is preferred. • Excellent customer service, interpersonal awareness, and communication skills are critical. These are particularly relevant given the multiple partners and service support vendors engaged in the successful operation of the Microsoft cloud. • The ability to operate as a member of a larger regional/global team. • Proven track record of both internal and external vendor/partner oversight in maintenance/support based contracts. • Fluent English (written and spoken) is essential for this role. • Proven track record in process and procedure development/execution and the ability to guide and coach others in the application of such processes and procedures. • Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to coordinate and host conference calls and escalation bridges with internal customers and senior management. • Proficiency with MS Office Applications (Word/Outlook/Excel/PowerPoint) • Previous exposure to audit processes (ISO standards). • Very strong working knowledge and understanding of IT infrastructure such as servers, storage, and network infrastructure. • Understanding and ability to describe concepts of redundancy as they apply to electrical and cooling systems (2N, N+1, N+2). • Strong understanding of Ticketing or Workflow Management Systems and Tools. • Strong understanding of Configuration Management Tools and Information. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. Fingerprint Background Check: This position will be required to pass a customer required Fingerprint Background Check. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323441 1074473 Locations United States, Des Moines (IA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 