 Back to search results Prev Job 14 of 500 Next DATA &amp; APPLIED SCIENTIST II Do you have excitement about guiding product design and discoverability capability by learning user patterns and observations through data sciences? Would you like to impact the bottom line by influencing use and engagement of Microsoft products based on your data sciences insights? If so, come join our creative, energetic and exciting team to perform data sciences and build amazingly cool world-class quality software solutions for our customers. Our team is uniquely positioned at Microsoft to build insights and knowledge across all consumer and commercial businesses in Microsoft, and to have a deep understanding of their user experience. We have a super exciting and rare opportunity for you to have a huge impact. The team is growing fast, our ship schedule is ambitious, and there are major challenges ahead of us. We are looking for a passionate and innovative data scientist. You’re the right candidate if you have a passion for customer experience and accountability for the end-to-product/service quality, completeness and resulting high value experience. You will have an advanced degree in data sciences and understand human-computer interaction. You’re formally trained in data-exploration techniques across diverse data sets and creating designs experiments, leveraging industry methods, algorithms, and tools, and translate well real world problems into analytical/numerical problems. You need to have a strong history of impact and influence from your discoveries, conclusions and recommendations. You prefer a fast-paced agile environment where studies have swift lifecycles to influence products early and on time. Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years of technical experience developing machine learning models and data platforms. Preferred Qualifications: • Working knowledge of data sciences, ML frameworks/libraries, and big data platforms. • Proven multi-year track record of shipping large scale services in a fast-paced environment. • Strong analytical skills preferred. • Demonstrated ability and experience in the services development cycle: design, implementation, deployment, and live site, with results of influencing product and or service strategy and/or design based on discovery and recommendations • M.S. or Ph.D. (preferred) in quantitative disciplines (e.g., Math, Statistics, Operation Research, Computer Science or a related field). Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325823 1078225 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Products and technologies Windows Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 