 Back to search results Prev Job 70 of 500 Next Data Scientist Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. To do, we are leading the wave of Digital Transformation by helping our customers Engage Better with their customers, Empower their employees, Transform their products, and Optimize their operations. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is at the heart of this Digital Transformation, sweeping through every business and every industry on the planet. We are building Business AI solutions for our customers and looking for the best and brightest talent to join our group and help us lead the next generation of AI-powered Digital Transformation! The Business AI team is seeking a Data Scientist focused on experimentation and value measurement in Business AI. Candidates can come from a variety of backgrounds but should have strong technical data skills and a desire to use those skills on applied economic problems. This role’s scope includes: Working with Biz AI and partner teams at Microsoft to build measurement and experimentation capability into all of our solutions so that we can evaluate their effects on customer costs, revenue, and user satisfaction. Helping to define the performance metrics and business models that drive economic value for AI, and defining the processes to bridge between economic and engineering success. Guiding the engineering of instrumentation for these value metrics for both internal and external deployments, and creating horizontal measurement infrastructure that can be shared across solutions. Developing the data analysis and inference procedures for understanding AI processes, including modeling for heterogenous treatment effects, training biases, and evaluation of performance in reinforcement learning environments. This job will involve hands-on dev and analysis work in addition to high level strategic thinking. Basic Requirements: • MS/PhD in Statistics, Economics or Computer Science • 4+ years of experience in research or business roles Preferred Requirements: • Proficiency with SQL, R, Python, C/C#, C++ or related languages • Ability to create and analyze data pipelines in a massive data environment • Experience with the design and analysis of experiments, large scale AB testing • Solid understanding of statistical inference • Expertise and proven capability in data science, experimentation, and statistical learning • Demonstrated experience in managing and onboarding of large scale data science engineering infrastructure • Ability to navigate and thrive at the interface between technical engineering/science and business solution needs • Understanding of economic theory relevant to pricing and contracts, and of the applied econometrics necessary for measuring economic parameters from data • Experience in business models, pricing, and financial analysis Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320563 1068579 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Research Teams Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 