 Back to search results Prev Job 100 of 500 Next Data Center Project Manager Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) is the engine that powers Microsoft's cloud services. The team is responsible for designing, building and operating our unified global datacenters; managing the demand planning and capacity utilization of our unified infrastructure; and responsible for all of the operations needed to run the physical infrastructure (including supply chain, hardware, power, security, and workflow teams). We focus on smart growth with an emphasis on automation, data driven engineering, cost-effectiveness and environmental sustainability. We deliver the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and the Microsoft Azure platform. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our portfolio is built and managed by a team of subject matter experts working 24x7x365 to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. At the forefront of the action in MCIO is our Datacenter Operations Group! In the Datacenter Project Manager role, you will have an opportunity to work alongside a dynamic team of professionals across the Information Technology (IT) spectrum to support 24x7x365 on-site DC operations and physical infrastructures. Learn how to manage IT capacity in the datacenter, refine technical operations process, and install state of the art hardware platforms – using your broad range of skills to support deployments of Microsoft's online services in your datacenter(s). You will participate in delivery of service across this location, ranging from single large capacity facilities to several smaller ones -- all built on the cutting edge of datacenter industry design and equipment! Excellent customer service, interpersonal awareness, and communication skills will be pivotal in bringing your technical abilities to life, while supporting Microsoft’s future success! Basic Qualifications: • 2+ Years’ experience in a production, mission-critical, 24x7x365 operations environment Preferred Qualifications: • Valid license to drive standard street-legal automatic transmission vehicles within your DC’s local jurisdiction • Willingness to work flexible hours, non-business hours, or other scenarios required by the flow of operations • Ability to physically move 25+ kg. (60+ lbs.) • Strong working knowledge of physical IT infrastructures (e.g. Servers, SANs, Networking, etc.) • Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a dynamic and high-pressure environment *Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: *Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. *Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320090 1068075 Locations United States, Boydton (VA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 