 Back to search results Prev Job 15 of 500 Next Data Scientist Make tomorrow better? That is the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be. We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence. We help shape the future. We empower billions of people around the globe. The Bing Advertising Data Scientist works on a team using statistical, mathematical, and predictive data models to bring insights and answers to complex business questions and investigations. They will apply their advance analytics and solution engineering skills to data to build solutions and investigate advertising issues. Responsibilities include: - Experience in applying knowledge of machine learning techniques and concepts, including the design and implementation of advanced artificial intelligence, computational algorithms, and data science techniques. - Communicates data findings to both business and IT leaders to influence how an organization approaches and meets business challenges of an evolving customer base and changing marketplace, using strong business acumen. - Analyze large data sets spanning advertisers &amp; publishers traffic to interpret patterns and distributions for such attributes as clicks, impressions, page views, and revenue. Provide strong analysis so you can document findings, conclusions, and effectively make systems recommendations to identify and mitigate abuse within our advertising platform. - Understand algorithms and use tools and techniques to efficiently investigate or shape invalid advertising traffic within search and mobile advertising markets. - Use statistical techniques to understand models/framework that detect fraud and other traffic pattern risks. - Understanding partners’ business processes and recommends data attributes that can contribute to identifying risk and possible fraud. - Collaborates with relevant team members, developers, and Program Managers to ensure rules or algorithms are in alignment with business needs. Creating processes or policy documentation in alignment with the business needs. - Helping to foster innovation in tools design for identifying anomalous or fraudulent pattern recognition within traffic. Submitting feature requests for future tool releases with the goal of providing differentiated services and preparing for emerging trends in fraud. - Partnering closely with Traffic Quality and Advertising development teams to identify bugs in the tool set and providing supporting analysis/ impact information to product groups - Gain intelligence and expertise in traffic quality for advertisers and publisher by actively participating in conferences/forums and industry events for Search, Advertising, Malvertising, Data Mining, Analytics and/or Traffic Quality. Requirements: • 5 years of software development experience • 1-3+ years working in web analytics, big data, data science or algo trading preferably with organic or paid search technologies, web analytics tools or development, ecommerce, publishing networks, and/or automated algo trading. • 2+ year’s relevant experience with web server, big data technologies. C#, ASP, .NET languages, JavaScript, PHP, ASP, Perl, HTML, Flash, and understanding of data structures are a plus. Design and development skills/experience with SQL. • Extensive knowledge and experience in at least two of the following areas: data mining, web mining, machine learning, statistics, business intelligence/customer intelligence, user modeling, information retrieval, databases, data warehousing, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/measurement. • Additionally, the candidate must demonstrate high energy/creativity, a passion for analyzing complex data sets, strong communication and project management skills, strong debugging skills, an entrepreneurial spirit, a practical understanding of quantitative methods, and superb attention to detail. • Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field with a strong analytical emphasis required. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324590 1075466 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 