 Back to search results Prev Job 23 of 500 Next DATA ENGINEER Exchange’s Enterprise Cloud team is responsible for bringing the largest and most successful enterprises in the world with millions of users, into the Office 365 service. Vision is to deliver the best-in-class end-to-end enterprise customer experience of Exchange service. Evolving the support cycle from a customer-initiated response model to one in which the service scrupulously monitors each subscribed Enterprise customer and proactively alerts on the issues is our mission. Focusing our engineering efforts on transforming data to information to insight that leads to intelligent actions, can significantly improve our response posture, better inform/arm our front-line resources, build intelligence that leads us to early warnings and ability to get out in front of enterprise customers. This will require us to invest in • Engineer a modern data pipeline, to collect, cleanse and process diverse signals and data from disparate sources across the organization. • Consume and analyze data from the data pipeline to infer, predict and recommend actionable insight, which will significantly move the relationship with the enterprise customers in a positive direction and contribute to business growth. • Empower enterprise customers and internal consumers with metrics and business intelligence to create a unified perspective of the quality of Exchange service. • Innovate and enhance tools, services and processes to redefine the servicing model from customer-initiated to service-initiated and improve the productivity of incident response team. Do you enjoy designing and implementing data pipelines? Do you want to leverage your experiences and skills in data analytics and reporting? Do you feel motivated tackling enterprise scale and crunching big data? Do you prefer to work in a fun, fast-paced, startup like environment and focus on quality deliverables? Do you feel excited when your work positively influences customer satisfaction? Do you want to be part of enabling the next billion dollar business? Come, contribute, shape and redefine the future of Microsoft Exchange service model for enterprise customers. We are looking for an engineer with a can-do attitude, passion for data driven culture, commitment to teamwork and collaboration, and passion for customer satisfaction. Basic Qualification: • 1+ years’ experience delivering enterprise data analytics pipelines or combination of work and postgraduate education in data engineering Preferred Qualifications: • Experience in implementing data warehouse solutions, ETL, Analytics and Reporting. • Experience on big data technologies designing and implementing rich data analytics. • Experience with Power BI or similar self-service BI. • Bachelor’s degree or higher in a Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent experience Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306809 1065691 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 