 Back to search results Prev Job 8 of 500 Next Data Governance Program Manager If you love the pursuit of excellence and are inspired by the challenges that come through driving innovations that impact how the world lives, works and plays, then we invite you to learn more about Microsoft Business Operations - and the value we deliver across Microsoft and to our customers and partners. We offer unique opportunities to work on interesting global projects in an environment that appreciates diversity, focuses on talent development and recognizes and rewards great work. We make doing business with Microsoft easy. Do you want to be part of the team that is responsible for designing, building and delivering innovative capabilities to accelerate Microsoft’s digital transformation? Interested in being directly involved in key infrastructure changes that will accelerate Microsoft’s mobile first, cloud first transformation? Are you analytical and inquisitive while understanding the big picture? Love learning and embrace challenges? Excellent at problem solving and impact assessment? Passionate about data, and business intelligence? If so, this role is for you. The Sr. Operations Program Manager will be a part of Microsoft’s digital transformation by managing enterprise-wide data office. You will drive alignment in understanding of complex data needs and data decisions across different line of businesses, in collaboration with key stakeholders across the company. You will assess, prepare, and guide different line of businesses in designing, defining and optimizing the processes/capabilities required supporting various business scenarios. You will drive data ownership and accountability through partnership with a broad set of stakeholders ensuring that the data and related processes are defined, measured, controlled and utilized. In collaboration with data stewards, you are responsible for developing and managing data policies, standards and controls required for data management. Responsibilities: • Manage data ownership, accountability and governance through a community of data stewards • Build, develop and maintain highly collaborative and working relationships with different Line of Business stakeholders and Engineering to drive data design, planning and issue resolution • Develop and manage data policies, standards and controls in collaboration with enterprise data stewards to drive improvement of data quality, process efficiencies and automation to support digital transformation • Develop and implement data quality controls to enforce data policies and standards • Define and manage taxonomy to ensure alignment in understanding complex data needs between business, legal, finance, and technology teams • Perform and support data, root-cause and ROI analysis to support business transformations • Manage communication around data management with the goal to ensure that business and technology groups understand the impacts of the decisions Ideal Candidate Attributes: • Understand the upstream and downstream effects of data policies, standards and controls • Understand the complex data models from a business perspective to recommend improved, strategic and sustainable data standards/controls or new data capabilities • Design thinking that enables synthesizing of many ideas into big-picture view with connections between business intention and action. • Ability to lead multiple high profile projects with cross-group stakeholders and effectively leverage available resources to drive results • Can navigate in a dynamic environment and provide structure and organization within ambiguous problem space • Is agile in focus and communications - shifting from strategic to tactical depending on the needs of the day and the audience • Embraces continuous improvement and new ways of doing things • Communication skills – strong written and verbal communications with the ability to document and speak to business requirements for both IT and business consumption • Team player – leverage and contribute effectively to the work other others and works well in matrixed team environment Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree Preferred Qualifications: • MBA • Six Sigma Experience • Experience in global Operations strategy development • 10+ years of relevant data office experience within Operations, IT, or other relevant roles • 6+ years of demonstrated Global Program Management or Project Management experience preferably in an Operations environment • Track record of breaking down silos and working with others within your team and other organizations to maximize impact • Track record of successful delivery of complex solutions to support key business objectives • Industry experience with Data Management practices, such as those from DAMA or SEI’s Data Management Maturity Model (DMM) • CDMP, DAMA, or SEI DMM certified professionals preferred MSOPS Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325651 1078688 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Supply chain &amp; operations management Teams Supply chain &amp; operations management Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 