 Back to search results Prev Job 36 of 500 Next Data &amp; AI Business Architect Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of the Microsoft cloud solutions and services. To help drive this effort, Microsoft is investing in the creation of Customer Success team that will play a key role in helping Microsoft customers achieve this digital transformation through successful adoption of Microsoft Cloud solutions. We are looking for an experienced Business Architect for Data &amp; AI who is responsible for designing, aligning and refining the Azure Data Services and SQL consumption strategy to be executed by the field. Key Responsibilities •Design the Azure Data Services and SQL consumption strategy for the Customer Success Organization in alignment with the Azure Data Services and SQL Business Group: 1. Partner with key Customer Success roles and the Azure Data Services and SQL Business Group GTM team to design consumption programs, offers and contests that drive Azure Data Services and SQL usage 2. Lead and influence x-org interactions to receive feedback, provide input, and collaborate on key work streams to analyze and tune consumption strategy. X-org influence includes but is not limited to: Cloud Solution Architect – Data Platform and Cloud Solution Architect – Analytics &amp; AI role design, blueprint model, compensation, role and responsibility, marketing initiatives, competitor assessment, 3. Validate and adjust strategy leveraging key Microsoft milestones (L1, SLT reviews, etc.), Act as v-team lead for critical Azure Data Services and SQL consumption strategies/blocker, 4. Contribute to the development of assets for key strategic communication processes including monthly Senior Leadership Team update • Scorecard Metric and TLI 1. Align with Azure Data Services and SQL Marketing Business Group to define key success metrics (Scorecard and TLI) supporting business priorities 2. Support the WW consumption teams, CSU leadership to drive Azure Data Services and SQL adoption 3. Review A14 feedback during business update synchs and work together with the Initiative Leads, Field Enablement, operation teams and with areas to course correct and/or address their issues. • BG Liaison 1. Develop strong x-org relationships and ROB to influence Azure Data Services and SQL engineering and product marketing decisions on behalf of the WW Customer Success Organization. 2. Participate and enable discussions for Azure Data Services and SQL Business Group Connection meetings 3. Own and lead discussion with the Azure Data Services and SQL BG during regular ROB. Responsibilities include: Carrying the voice of the field, providing updates on key blockers, offer results and field execution status, sharing Field feedback on execution, marketing programs, content and roadmaps • Azure Data Services and SQL SME 1. Support Field Enablement &amp; Execution Teams on execution and readiness plans leveraging, as an SME 2. Support as a SME the consumption execution team in landing the FY Next planning and in developing field programs • Customer Engagement 1. Deliver EBCs and/or customer visits per team goals to support consumption and strengthen customer perspective 2. Perform field visits per team goals to support consumption, evaluate model performance and strengthen customer perspective Basic Qualifications: • Minimum of 10 years of experience in sales or consulting in the enterprise segment Preferred Qualifications: • Experience working directly with large customers and be familiar with field needs to successfully drive a new program. • Deep experience on enabling Azure Data Services and SQL consumption, familiar with FastTrack and related processes, customer and partner requirements, and is deeply familiar with Enterprise field roles and challenges. • Strong analytical skills, able to distill key insights from incomplete data • Strong, confident executive communication (written and oral) • Ability to influence without authority • Strategic thinker, combined with strong ability to execute x-org and drive for results in ambiguous environment • Versatile with proven ability to be adaptable in rapidly evolving business/org situations • Effectively manage budgets and utilize vendor resources Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320291 1067154 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 