 Back to search results Prev Job 11 of 500 Next Data Analyst Are you looking for a high impact position that will leverage your quantitative analysis and database skills? Do you want to work directly with business stakeholders, and see your analysis-driven insights proactively applied in real life decision-making? If you excel at initiating, building, and communicating analytical results based on big data, and want to influence future direction of consumer products, as well as strategy and execution of marketing/sales programs, then this position is for you. This is a role in the Devices Data &amp; Analytics Team within Microsoft’s Windows &amp; Devices group. Our team is responsible for developing global customer and marketing insights that drive and inform marketing and product development strategies for Microsoft’s first party Consumer Devices. This includes developing a deep understanding of consumers throughout the entire customer lifecycle - from acquisition to onboarding to cross-sell/up-sell and retention. The person in this role will be analyzing and mining data sourced from our consumer devices and providing deep insights into customer engagement, preferences and monetization. This will involve working with multiple stakeholders including Marketing, Sales, Engineering &amp; other internal teams. Insights derived from analytics will be used to inform strategic product and business decisions, development of marketing programs, and design of experiments and campaigns. We are seeking a seasoned data analyst who will bring unique quantitative perspectives and problem solving skills to this domain. This is a highly visible, hands-on role, as the candidate will work directly with stakeholders in Business and Engineering teams to execute action from insight, and drive for application of analytical insights throughout different Microsoft device families. JOB REQUIREMENTS Ideal candidate must have the following: • At least 5 years of experience in data extraction, transformation, and analysis of large data sets in data warehouse and distributed data environments • Competency in database, development and data science programming frameworks (e.g. experience with technologies such as SQL, C#, R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Hadoop or similar) • Data visualization experience (e.g. Power BI, Tableau) • Experience driving analytical and reporting projects end to end • Ability to take complex and/or technical concepts and present them in easy to understand business terminology • Excellent collaboration skills and good track record of working in a team environment • Effective in operating in a large, complex organization • Strong client services orientation and project management experience • Experience working on analysis in the PC &amp; Virtual/Augmented Reality industries preferred Basic Qualifications: • At least 5 years of experience in data extraction, transformation, and analysis of large data sets in data warehouse and distributed data environments. • A Bachelor’s degree is required. (Master’s or Ph.D. is preferred) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325169 1078326 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 