 Back to search results Prev Job 75 of 500 Next Data Analyst II Excited to be part of Bing’s key monetization engine that brings both your technical and creative side to the table? Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with $40 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Microsoft is innovating rapidly to grow its share of this market by providing the advertising industry with a world-class online advertising platform and service. The Ads team is a world-class R&amp;D team of passionate and talented scientists, engineers and program managers who aspire to solve challenging problems and turn innovative ideas into high-quality products and services that can help hundreds of millions of users and advertisers, and directly impact our business. The Rich Ads team focuses on creative ways to decorate a paid search Ad to improve its Click Through Rate (CTR), connecting users and businesses. We perform deep analytical insights to advance new feature development to increase CTR. We are looking for a super energetic, data geek who is willing to work in a fast-paced environment. Successful candidate in this role would love to solve ambiguous problems through analyzing big data. This individual will understand the search ads ecosystem, its various interactions and key performance drivers. Responsibilities Include: - Generate actionable insights to improve various Ads products, both in the short and long term. - Work closely with our engineering teams, evaluating the feature impact across all the marketplace stakeholders. - Be a strategic advisor: Partner closely with across various teams to inform, influence and support business decisions around feature releases. - Drive presenting insights and recommendations to leadership teams across various projects. - Share best practices and processes across teams - Work in a fast-paced environment. - Successful candidate in this role would love to solve ambiguous problems through analyzing big data. - This individual will understand the search ads ecosystem, its various interactions and key performance drivers. Basic Qualifications: - 2+ years in Data mining and qualitative analytics - Understanding of statistical analytical tools and methodologies. - Be familiar with classic machine learning and data mining models and algorithms - Be familiar with classic algorithms and data structures - Experience with C/C++/C# programming - Strong problem solving and data analysis skills - Have a strong interest in online advertising products, business models and system architectures - Working knowledge of Hadoop, R, map/reduce, or similar tools - Be familiar with parallel programming framework and map/reduce tools like Hadoop. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. XIPGERX Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321221 1070987 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 