 Back to search results Prev Job 77 of 500 Next Data Scientist What if your job description were simply? Make tomorrow better? That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be. We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence. We help shape the future. We empower billions of people around the globe. Are you interested in being part of a team with more $6B in revenue and growing at more than 20% every quarter over last several quarters? Are you looking for joining a fun and fast paced environment, where software engineers and data scientists are empowered to innovate and experiment? Are you customer obsessed? Are you interested in competing with Google advertising platform head to head? We are the Advertiser Data Analytics (ADA) team. We aim to unlock the BingAds growth and revenue potential on the advertiser demand side by using data mining and machine learning techniques. Our goal is to increase high quality demand and retain it to increase competition and platform revenue on the supply side. BingAds is a rapidly growing business at Microsoft and is considered one of the most important players in the world of Advertising business. This is exciting time to join BingAds where we innovate and rethink our online services. We have a very strong focus on customer satisfaction and use data driven metrics to delight our customers and achieve our business goals. We have an opening for strong talent to independently drive demand growth areas and make a difference in moving the bottom line. A successful candidate will have: ¬- BS OR MS in Computer Science or equivalent technical degree. - Minimum 4 years of development experience. - 1+ years of experience in machine learning, data analysis. - Experience working with C#, Scope/Cosmos is highly desirable. - Solid CS fundamentals, strong inclination for architecting at scale. - Excellent technical design, problem solving and debugging skills. - Demonstrated results designing and delivering maintainable and scalable high-quality code. - A sound track-record of shipping products and having been through multiple development cycles. - Passionate, self-motivated. - Great team player and communicator, strong believer in collaboration and teamwork. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com Job # 323221 1074402 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 