 Back to search results Prev Job 270 of 500 Next Dir Bus Analytics Are you interested in working for the team inside the Microsoft Worldwide Commercial Business that is chartered with driving growth through strategic projects, big deal execution, and advanced &amp; behavioral analytics? The digital shift is changing industries and reinventing how commercial businesses work and deliver value to their customers. Microsoft is positioned to help every customer embrace the digital revolution, with the breadth of our portfolio from devices to cloud services, and breakthrough innovation from mixed reality to artificial intelligence. We also can provide many of these advanced capabilities to our own sales teams. Within the Worldwide Commercial Business, the Strategy and Business Analytics (SBA) team leads our commercial strategy work. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team, within SBA, is a key part of this effort. This is a new and growing team that will consist of highly analytical professionals, with a goal of driving growth by arming our Worldwide Commercial Business leaders and Microsoft Sales teams with valuable insights through predictive analytics and business Intelligence. This allows them to rapidly identify and seize opportunities, optimize seller efficiency, grow new business, and increase usage and consumption with customers. The Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team is a project-based org and is looking for a highly motivated individual to play the role of Business Consultant. The Business Consultant role will have several key responsibilities: 1. Engage with the WCB teams focused on the four solution areas (Modern Workplace, Business Applications, Apps and Infrastructure, Data and AI) to understand and identify their predictive and advanced analytics needs. Prioritize requirements, scope and drive the projects. This will require working across many groups in the company. 2. Lead projects ranging from ad-hoc business challenges from WCB SLT, to analysis around the correlation between behavioral activities and outcomes, to longer term predictive and prescriptive analyses. 3. Represent respective WCB groups and become the voice for future sales tools requirements. Close partnership with M&amp;O and Sales &amp; Marketing IT in these discussions is required. 4. Be agile and ready to jump in on key projects, processes and programs as needed. Work in a pod structure driving execution and delivering results. The Business Consultant will be managing projects that include other members of the Advanced &amp; Behavioral Analytics team as well as members from across WCB teams, marketing, and other organizations. Within the team, the Business Consultant will work with Data Analysts, Data Scientists and Data Engineers. The expectation of the Business Consultant is to bring a knowledge of sales, be intellectually curious, develop great relationships within the WCB businesses, and structure hypotheses. This individual should be able to speak intelligently on all of the solution areas to help drive projects in these areas. It will be critical that you play a leadership role and take ownership of directing the analytics engine within the team to find insights and work with key stakeholders to turn these insights into actionable recommendations. Preferred Skills and Attributes: • Proven experience in direct sales, sales related or sales operations roles across field, partner, and services. • Strong understanding of how analytics and key insights can improve the day-in-the-life of a seller. Ability to synthesize complex issues, turn data findings into stories and recommend direction in a clear and concise presentation • Ability to perform data analysis and manipulate tools (i.e. excel, PowerBI); ability to connect hypothesis with what is possible from Data Analyst, Data Scientist and Data Engineering roles (iterative process) • Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations, within a project structure and across multiple projects and organizational boundaries. • An attention to detail with self-discipline and a drive for results, possessing a high degree of intellectual curiosity, tenacity and commitment to uncover new and interesting insights. • Strong leadership qualities including the ability to create effective relationships, listen, communicate, influence, and collaborate cross-team at all organizational levels. • MBA preferred, management consulting experience a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324288 1073074 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 