 Back to search results Prev Job 348 of 500 Next Dir Solution Sales Solution Sales Manager (SSM) - Data and AI North Central Region Location: Illinois (Chicago area) Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? Azure is the most innovative cloud platform in computing today and Microsoft is hiring Solution Sales Managers (SSM). The SSM is a senior leader within our enterprise sales organization. The Data &amp; AI SSM leads, develops and manages a team of high performing Data &amp; AI Principal Solution Specialists (PSS) and Data &amp; AI Solution Specialist Professionals (SSP) to drive solution opportunity revenue and market share by leveraging the Microsoft Data Platform (on-premises software (SQL) and Azure Data services) to meet their customers data modernization and analytics solution needs. 50% - Develops and coaches high-performing team by hiring diverse talent, prioritizing development, leading by example and preparing people for more senior positions in other parts of the organization. 30% - Builds and transform new markets and identify and capitalize and lead transformational shifts in our customers. 20% - Disciplined in business-management; adaptable to a culture of accountability; build a strong and active business network; meets sales targets and operational standards. Experiences Required: • Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Professional • Experienced. 8-10 years of experience leading and coaching high-performing enterprise software platform sales teams and a proven track record of exceeding team quotas/targets at Microsoft or competitor (Oracle, IBM, etc.) • Management. Successful management of large-scale, complex deal cycles at Fortune 1000 accounts. • Leader. Coaching direct reports in pipeline management, opportunity management, and account planning • Collaborative. Strong relationship-building and negotiation skills. • Excellent Communicator. Executive level communication skills (both written and verbal), and the ability to mentor others. • Technical Technical Knowledge. Possess both business acumen expertise and technology knowledge to connect how customer business issues impact their IT environments. Education: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a similar information technology-related discipline, or in Business Administration, or relevant job experience required. • Certification in sales, sales management, complex sales training, sales methodologies, broad evangelism through events (presentation skills), and consultative selling desired • Additional training or education in Enterprise Architecture preferred Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they can achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking -- a cloud-enabled world. At Microsoft, we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture. Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us. At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321812 1072069 Locations United States, Chicago (IL) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 