 Back to search results Prev Job 73 of 500 Next Dir Business Programs, Data &amp; AI, Enterprise Solutions Strategy &amp; Operations, WW DSS Are you passionate about enabling Microsoft customers and partners get the most from their Big Data, Data Platform, Analytics or Artificial Intelligence solutions? Do you enjoy collaborating across HQ and field teams to find ways to help our customers and partners plan, and operate solutions that are enabled by advanced analytics and ambient intelligence? Do you have experience leading the development and execution of data-driven go-to-market programs which grow the business and drive intentional sales in consulting organizations? Do you want to be a part of Microsoft’s Data &amp; Artificial Intelligence (AI) strategy? The Data &amp; AI Solution Area in Microsoft Enterprise Solution Strategy &amp; Operations leads the Microsoft Azure Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Platform strategy and aligned execution through Services, One Commercial, Partners, and WW Industry and Public Sector. We lead the business direction assisting with the marketing, presales, and sales assets spanning the customer journey of enterprise customers across the globe. The Sales and Marketing team has a critical role in program development, field landing and guiding execution in Services. We are looking for a highly skilled Director Business Programs for the Sales and Marketing team in the Data &amp; AI Business to create programs that grow our global consulting business, support our yearly company priorities, and enable our customers to successfully adopt new Microsoft technologies. Director, Business Programs, Data &amp; AI, Sales and Marketing Programs Cloud adoption and AI are key to the success of Microsoft. As Program Manager, you will own and drive the business architecture roadmap that informs the design and delivery of our sales and marketing approach and play a leading role in providing feedback to our leadership team to shape the Enterprise Services strategy for Data &amp; AI. The leading-edge GTM guidance that you publish will be used worldwide by our Services Sales organization to grow share by selling more effectively in multiple high-growth industries and segments. Additionally, you will proactively engage a community of subject matter experts in Marketing, Sales, and Services teams to align and drive consistent business value propositions and differentiated offers driven primarily by direct field requirements. You’ll create global strategies and programs that launch new technologies and differentiate Microsoft. Your GTM plans to grow the business, help our sales team accelerate customers’ decisions, define solutions that consolidate end-to-end services and technology into a meaningful customer context, and you’ll lead v-teams across Microsoft to amplify our cloud value propositions for customers and partners everywhere. Data &amp; AI is a critical part of Microsoft’s overall strategy and you will be responsible for making sure that Services is well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. The ideal candidate will be very comfortable in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, and will bring deep knowledge in Building Global Programs, Business Development and Sales tools. Key Responsibilities: • Set priorities and devise global programs that deliver on Data &amp; AI strategic objectives. • Map maturity model and build modular programs that span the model, including understanding capabilities for each maturity phase, adjustments to value propositions and scale, to assist customers with adoption. • Manage the lifecycle of a significant portion of the current product portfolio and roadmap; understand what drives Consulting Services opportunities, challenges and business concerns. • Develop scenario-based business value propositions and differentiated offers that incorporate content and story architectures based on industry and business experience as well as the real-time field experience of our Data &amp; AI Specialist Sellers, Pursuit Leads and Architects. • Understand the technical portfolio and help to connect the offers and position them as a supporting mechanism for the GTMs • Create programmatic methodologies and tools to engage deeply with the sales field to inform the evolution of the GTMs to collect and rationalize feedback on existing scenarios and prioritize new scenarios based on relative growth potential. • Build a strategic and competitive plan for a portion of the portfolio that will prioritize work that has the best expected outcome. The plan will include industry challenges and opportunities, market trends, competitive forces, and MSFT product differentiation and will inform the scenarios and augment the GTMs. • Communicate the relevance and positioning of the offers with our global sales organization to help them understand how to use the content to drive new business – specifically to provide sales guidance for Scenario-driven opportunities such as community calls, seller workshops, internal skills-building training sessions, and customer EBC presentations • Collaborate with sales, marketing and other v-teams to land the overall GTM strategy that supports all the sales stages, demand generation through deal closure. • Help to shape the Enterprise Services strategy through the 3-year business plan, yearly execution plan, and sales playbooks. • Harvest existing Microsoft sales IP to support scenarios, identify IP gaps, and develop required IP to rollout GTM solutions. Desired Knowledge and Experience: • 10 + years of Program or Project Management; strong understanding of program management skills as a discipline • Experience in one or more Microsoft managed industries (Public Sector, Manufacturing, Retail, Healthcare, Education &amp; Financial Services) is mandatory. • Strong business acumen with the ability to translate business challenges with corresponding solution approaches into rationalized GTMs. Business consulting experience is highly desired • Experience building Sales or Delivery offerings; a deep understanding of how Microsoft sells to Enterprise and Public Sector, including both products and services is highly desirable • Solid knowledge of how to design and execute high-touch programs leading to successful customer engagements • Strong analytical skills, a passion for analytics technology, and creativity in defining how new technologies can help customers reduce costs, improve profitability, gain efficiency and gain a competitive advantage • Proven experience with the end-to-end Microsoft analytics stack, as well as other market-leading technologies is desirable including the ability to assess and communicate competitive positioning and SWOT • Strong communication, data synthesis, presentation, and leadership skills, including the ability to communicate and interact with executive level customers and partners effectively and professionally • Adaptable work-style - functioning well both as a member of the team and as a self-directed, independent worker • Ability to work effectively in a start-up environment and excel at managing complex cross-organizations projects where success is predicated on influencing team members without having direct authority over them. • An undergraduate year degree in business or Information Systems, or equivalent experience. An MBA will be a key differentiator You will be based in Issaquah, WA. Global travel, approximately 15%, estimated two weeks per quarter, will be expected. Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success With 23,200+ employees globally, Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success is one of the company’s largest groups, serving customers in 191 countries and 46 languages. Simply put, we help customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments by delivering their voices back to our business groups to make our technology even better—and by accelerating their transformation journeys to become digital businesses. For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. wwdss Job # 322578 1073759 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Consulting services Teams Consulting services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 