 Back to search results Prev Job 53 of 500 Next Director Data Sciences CDnA Devices &amp; Gaming data sciences team is looking for an exceptionally talented senior data scientist with many years of experience in leading complex projects, team and working with business leaders. If you are passionate about solving complex business problems and providing technical leadership using big data in the online gaming and consumer devices space, this is the position for you. This is a unique opportunity to work on terabyte scale data in the exciting areas of massive online multiplayer gaming and innovative devices such as Microsoft Surface and Microsoft band. As part of the Windows and Devices organization, you will be responsible for generating customer and product insights, and create actionable recommendations for marketing strategies and product development. We leverage machine learning and advanced statistical modeling combined with a strong business focus for delivering measurable impact on the business performance. As part of the team you will be working with highly experienced data scientists with broad expertise in machine learning, statistics, graph and network analysis, and advanced analytics for partner ecosystem. This is a highly visible role reporting to the General Manager in CDnA team of Windows and Devices group. Candidates will need the thought leadership to identify and create initiatives, and the people leadership skills to develop the critical relationships across the organization– with business strategy, product planning, engineering, studios, marketing, and finance. This requires a candidate with a combination of deep business acumen, with an analytical mind, who is solution-oriented and driven to action. This is about making a difference by generating valuable insight. We are seeking an outstanding leader with a passion for innovative thinking, strong communication and collaborative skills. Experience in managing team with excellence and working with business leaders is a must. Responsibilities include: • Providing senior level support in the area of strategic analytics, to identify business opportunities, solve complex problems and optimize business performance. • Facilitating and work with other Data Scientist in problem-solving sessions and work with and business leaders across the organization. • Provide technical leadership to team • Using strategic thinking to see the big picture, integrating disparate pieces of information (e.g. analyst reports, internal data, primary research), synthesizing findings into cohesive and strategic business recommendations. • Focusing on specific business problems or challenges faced by stakeholder groups, leading to recommendations for business strategy and/or operational changes. • Providing insight to senior management to support strategic decision-making, preparing and delivering insights and recommendations based on analyses. Qualifications: • 10+ years of experience in modeling and big data processing with a Master of Science required. • PhD (preferred) in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Applied Physics, Econometrics or similar quantitative discipline. • 10+ years’ of professional experience in the application of advanced statistical and analytical techniques is required. Preference given to candidates with: • Dissertation/thesis or peer-reviewed publications in machine learning, data mining, text mining, graph mining, online learning, etc. • Hands-on experience in big data with large scale distributed data and computing platforms such as Hadoop. Familiarity with MapReduce. • Strong computation skills and software development experience (SQL, C/C#, Python) • Experience with one or more of the commercial or open source statistical and machine learning software such as R, SAS, etc. • Experience in marketing science, BI, time series forecasting and Graph theory. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323345 1074592 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 