 Back to search results Prev Job 94 of 500 Next Director, Technical Sales - Data &amp; AI Technical Sales Manager Data &amp; AI Financial Services Location: Chicago, San Francisco, Texas &amp; SoCal What Joining the Microsoft Team Means: Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they can’t achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking -- a cloud-enabled world. At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples’; lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? Azure is the most innovative cloud platform in computing today and Microsoft is hiring Technical Sales Manager. The Technical Sales Manager (TSM) is a senior leader within our enterprise sales organization. A TSM drives revenue and market share by leading a team of technical pre-sales sellers who are supporting solution sales opportunities leveraging the Microsoft Data Platform (on-premises software and Azure services) to meet their customers data modernization and analytics solution needs. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture; Check out all our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us; The Impact You’ll Be Making: Primary accountabilities for this role include: 50% - Develops and coaches high-performing technical team by hiring diverse talent, prioritizing development, leading by example and preparing people for more senior positions in other parts of the organization. 30% - Builds and transform new markets and identify and capitalize and lead transformational shifts using Microsoft technologies in our customers. 20% - Disciplined in business-management; adaptable to a culture of accountability; build a strong and active business network; drive the technical design of a customer agreed to deployment/consumption plan for all wins; meets sales targets and operational standards. Who We Are Looking For : • Technical Sales Leader Experienced - 10+ years of experience in technical sales leadership roles, coaching architecture, and solution sales required. • Bold - Strong experience leading and executing on Technology Visions preferred. • Influencer - Ability to drive and influence Stakeholder across organizational boundaries through extremely strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, envisioning, writing, and verbal communication skills. • People Leader Recruiting - Demonstrated ability to build a healthy pipeline of great technical sales talents. • Coach - Proven experience developing a high-performance team through continuous coaching, and inspiration. • Business Manager Performer - Highly driven person who consistently exceeds goals and expectations. • Management excellence - Solid record of managing business operations and processes. • Scale engine - Experience working with partners and other technical resources preferred. • Technology Thought Leader Passionate for technology - Constant and contagious desire to learn new technologies. • Customer Voice - Ability to identify new technical and business trends and needs; serve as the customer’s voice into Microsoft. • Influencer - Experience inspiring others through technical leadership, personal influence, and status as a role model preferred. • Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a similar information technology-related discipline, or in Business Administration preferred, Master’s degree ideal. • Certification in sales, sales management, complex sales training, sales methodologies, broad evangelism through events (presentation skills), and consultative selling desired. • Additional training or education in Enterprise Architecture preferred. At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft! **Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance **Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322695 1072519 Locations United States, Houston (TX) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 