 Back to search results Prev Job 226 of 500 Next Director, Business Program Management Core Services Engineering builds and manages the critical products and services that Microsoft runs on. We boldly pursue big ideas that power transformational advances at Microsoft and for our customers, while helping Microsoft teams work smarter, faster and more securely every day. Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions. We are engineers, technology leaders and experts, digital transformation change agents, and customer advocates. We have exciting opportunities for you to innovate, influence, transform, inspire and grow within our organization and we encourage you to apply to learn more! Microsoft, and the markets it competes in, is experiencing a level of change unique in the company’s history to date. The company is at a stage where we are honing in on our core strategy. At our core, Microsoft is the productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. We will reinvent productivity to empower every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. With the level of company change, and transformation aligned to the company’s strategy, the Field Engagement &amp; Delivery team within Microsoft Core Services and Engineering (CSE) is looking to recruit individuals who have a combination of business acumen, engineering knowledge, skills, and passion for accelerating the company’s digital transformation through improvements in user productivity and satisfaction. Core Services Engineering builds and manages the critical products and services that Microsoft runs on. We boldly pursue big ideas that power transformational advances at Microsoft and for our customers, while helping Microsoft teams work smarter, faster and more securely every day. Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions. We are engineers, technology leaders and experts, digital transformation change agents, and customer advocates. We are looking for great leaders who are also natural at being great managers of diverse international teams. For this particular role, we are also looking for a leader with the combined background of both business acumen as well as engineering skills. The ability to understand business processes and the underlying data flows will be key in driving employee productivity, data quality, and satisfaction improvements with line-of business applications and related workflows on behalf of the global Field at Microsoft (subsidiaries). As well, the ability to partner as a trusted advisor both with business stakeholders, who own global processes as well as engineering leads who own the data architecture and applications, will be a foundation for our organization’s impact and success. People leadership, partnership, and inclusion are your career passions, and being a facilitator of alignment between business and technical teams is a challenge you naturally address through adaptability, influencing for impact, and other management consultant-level skills. You will be the leader of an international team of Field Business Program Managers and Field Engineering Project Managers. The team is responsible for working with Field users across the globe as well as business and engineering teams in Microsoft’s Headquarters (HQ) to deliver on our Field data insights, data management, and local application management services. These services are designed to enable the productivity of our Field sales, marketing, and services resources across the globe as well as address local application needs unique to certain countries due to differences in markets. For Field data services, you will be managing an existing high performing team of managers that drive both the proactive business analysis efforts in partnership with business and engineering teams to address key opportunities to increase productivity and data quality through data as well as the day to day operations of our services designed to quickly solve data correction and improvement opportunities across the business. For Field application services, you will also be enabling a best practice team and their manager with influencing HQ roadmaps based on Field application needs, partnering with peers in CSE to support the creation of innovative applications to address local needs, and managing the engagement with subsidiaries for a portfolio of approximately 100 local applications across the globe. This role will provide you with the ability to lead, manage, and partner with global teams, work across business and CSE leaders, tap into your depth and breadth of both business and technical acumen, leverage your strengths in being a true trusted advisor, as well as exercise your change management skillset. You’ll need to be able to illustrate your key leadership level competencies at the heart of Microsoft professions including collaboration, judgment, adaptability, drive for results, and obsessing over our customers often in times in ambiguous situations and environments. Building and maintaining close partnerships to the point of trusted advisor status with our CSE and HQ business peer groups, based on our knowledge of business processes and the association with how the Field uses data as well as the unique local market differences, is key for the role to be successful. As well, teamwork and collaboration across peer CSE teams including user experience specialists, Field BPMs, Engineering PMs, readiness leads, and our Field business partner leads, is critical to the success of the role. Qualifications: · Minimum of 5-7 years of leadership and management experience. · 7+ years of relevant business experience in business analyst, data analyst, sales/marketing/services operations, or other professional services roles working between business and IT teams · 4-7 years of work experience delivering business intelligence, data warehousing, or analytics solutions · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business or other technical or business discipline Willingness to travel internationally on at least a quarterly basis Preferred Skills · Field/subsidiary/sales operations experience ideally working with segment, commercial organization and customer data. · Passion for data and information quality · Engineering acumen · Strong critical thinking, analytical, problem management skills · Impact &amp; influence skills · Process management skills · Executive presence and awareness · Experience being a manager of managers. · Executive maturity and presence with proven capabilities in being a trusted advisor to key stakeholders · Proven ability to manage work and teams across multiple time zones and cultures with a track record of exceptional employee health results for your teams · Strong teaming background, interpersonal skills, and communication skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com Job # 322562 1073348 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Core Services Engineering Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 