 Back to search results Prev Job 313 of 500 Next Group Program Manager Group Program Manager - 1078606 The Data Integration team is aiming to deliver the premier low-code extensible Data Integration solution for the Dynamics 365 Common Data Service (Transactional and Analytics) and Business Applications for a wide range of personas, from self-service business users, to citizen developers, and scaling up to professional developers. Our team delivers the Data Integration platform, hundreds of connectors, an extensible connectivity platform for ISVs, the On-Premises Data Gateway for hybrid connectivity, Power Query, as well as the Mashup Engine - our source agnostic query language. We build cloud services and amazing data transformation experiences for Power BI, Power Apps, Flow, LogicApps, Azure AS, Excel and will power the Dynamics 365 platform moving forward. We are looking for a Group Program Manager who will lead the Program Management organization to execute on our new mission. We are looking for someone with exceptional leadership and technical abilities, a strong strategic mind-set as well as a proven track record of delivering success in a cross-organization environment. Basic Qualifications: BS or Masters’ Degree in Computer Science or Engineering 10+ years of program management / engineering experience 5+ years of people management experience Preferred Qualifications: Highly effective collaboration across teams and disciplines Strong leadership skills with excellent communication skills at all organization levels Strong customer focus experience Track record of high-quality, self-directed, timely execution, and attention to detail Technical expertise in cloud computing BAGJobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325544 1078606 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 