 Back to search results Prev Job 298 of 500 Next Marketing Communications Manager - Digital Acquisition Ad Operations Manager Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to be part of a team lighting up actionable insights to help the organization make business decisions? If you excel in designing and implementing technology solutions for tracking digital journeys in order to influence the future of digital marketing strategy, then this position is for you. The GDC Insights team is responsible for bringing together all the Data and Analytics used by the Marketing Organization to drive the commercial marketing strategy for Office, Cloud + Enterprise, and Windows. Our team owns the end to end decision sciences charter that includes: • bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth • creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health • building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans over marketing, partners, finance and engineering areas. The role will be part of the Digital Acquisition team within the GDC organization. The team analyzes and reports paid media and digital assets’ content performance, produces insights and develops attribution models to drive digital marketing actions. We are looking for a passionate, creative and analytical digital ad operations manager to serve as a subject matter expert on tracking the digital touch points of our audience. The digital acquisition ad operations manager will be responsible for supporting the organization in implementing successful and efficient digital marketing campaigns, by lowering costs and increasing outcomes. The scope includes understanding how the paid media and Lead Gen teams can target the right audiences and how their tactics can be tracked to accurately evaluate performance and allocate investments to the most appropriate ones. Also includes stakeholder engagement and close collaboration with and leveraging efforts of data scientists, data engineers and other data analysts of the GDC team. You are driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. To be successful in this role, you must have strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. Responsibilities: • Understand the KPIs Digital Marketing is driving and provide guidance / implement technology solutions that enable the business to optimize based on those KPIs • Work with the media teams to understand and advise on partners that are used / should be used for digital marketing • Collaborate with marketing ops / technology teams to integrate new partners for lead generation to existing infrastructure • Work with Digital Marketing partners to develop integrations to Microsoft marketing technology • Provide guidance and drive strategy on technology investments • Work closely with engineering teams to implement optimal web architecture solutions • Implement governance for web tracking, develop relevant documentation and promote automation • Close collaboration with digital analysts to enable them to provide actionable insights on digital marketing investments • Close collaboration with data engineers to ensure an appropriate data infrastructure is built based on the web and ad data collected Qualifications / Skills: • 2+ years hands on experience in web development • Client-side web analytics knowledge (JavaScript-based) • Experience with 1st vs 3rd party cookie tracking • Bachelor degree in computer science or other technical field is a plus • Working knowledge of large data manipulation and data mining using SQL is a plus • Program or Product Management experience • Experience in working in a global organization • Agency experience a plus • Ability to work in a team environment that promotes collaboration Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324664 1077498 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 