 Back to search results Prev Job 357 of 500 Next Marketing Technologist The Office Marketing Automation team is looking for a Data and Platform Security Program Manager to manage our marketing technology investments and infrastructure driving towards the latest in security and privacy compliance for Office 365. As part of this team you will be at the forefront of designing and building scenarios that drive growth, usage, and retention across consumer and enterprise customers. Office 365 is the leading cloud productivity service in the industry and its growth continues to exceed expectations. This is the right opportunity for someone who is looking to drive innovation and impact at a global scale. We are investing heavily across the disciplines of Data Science, Marketing Automation, and Growth Marketing to continue to accelerate the trajectory towards further growth. What you will do: In this role you will be expected to be a marketing technology leader capable of shouldering the following accountabilities: • Manage and oversee the Office Marketing Automation infrastructure stack. • Lead customer data/platform security and compliance for Office Marketing Automation. • Lead data/infrastructure feature crew driving security enhancement and addressing gaps identified by privacy/compliance leads across Microsoft. • Responsible for managing controls and account access to infrastructure and customer data sources. • Lead reviews, audits, and inquiries related to privacy and compliance both internal and industry wide. • Lead technical teams and feature crews using Agile development methodology • Architect services/solutions that can scale globally and across the Office 365 portfolio of products • Proactively staying atop new advances in marketing technology relevant to our business goals, executing proof of concepts to test and learn, and scaling impactful investments. • Actively participating in growing the marketing automation community and discipline within Microsoft and in the industry. In particular in the subject of customer data security. What to bring: • Min 5 years experience digital marketing or product management. • Experience with security audits and frameworks such as ISO 27001, SOC 1, SOC 2, FedRAMP, HIPAA, etc. Knowledge of new industry regulations such as GDPR is a plus. • Experience with identity management and authentication systems. • Experience with configuration and management of access controls for platforms and data sources. • Security certifications or desire to achieve such as CISSP, CISA, CCSP, etc. • Excellent analytical and problem solving skills • Experience supporting multi-business unit and leading across teams • B.S/B.A. degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or related field (or comparable practical experience) • Experience working in Agile software development • Applied experiences in building and operating an online service would be a huge plus. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. #OfficeMktg Job # 287710 1051223 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 