 Back to search results Prev Job 264 of 500 Next Operations Program Manager: Launch Fulfillment If you love the pursuit of excellence and are inspired by the challenges that come through driving innovations that impact how the world lives, works and plays, then we invite you to learn more about Microsoft Operations - and the value we deliver across Microsoft and to our customers and partners. We offer unique opportunities to work on interesting global projects in an environment that appreciates diversity, focuses on talent development and recognizes and rewards great work. The Launch Fulfillment team within Planning &amp; Launch translates business strategy into Product, Program and Pricing data published on Price Lists and used throughout Microsoft to ensure all products and offers are buildable, billable, and orderable for customers and partners worldwide. We make doing business with Microsoft easy. Position Description: The Launch Fulfillment team is looking for an experienced Operations Program Manager to lead execution and transformation of Product, Offer and Pricing deliverables supporting Microsoft’s OEM business. The ideal candidate is an effective collaborator who enjoys partnering with project teams to dive business value through new product offerings. You must be able to lead and manage multiple projects simultaneously and propose tradeoffs to stakeholders to ensure appropriate launch priority given available capacity. The ideal candidate will quickly master SKU and BOM data attribution details that enable product launch and lifecycle management. This is foundational and critical to success. The ideal candidate understands the OEM business and competitive environment. You want to increase speed to market and time to value for both Microsoft and our partners. The ideal candidate has a passion for optimizing processes and understanding the systems environment so that you can troubleshoot issues, propose enhancements, and champion new capabilities to support business models that impact SKU and BOM creation. You want to deliver product offerings to Microsoft partners and customers in the most efficient and agile way possible. The ideal candidate is customer and quality focused, able to recognize and evaluate risk and take the appropriate proactive steps for mitigation. You respect MS policy and understand the importance of meeting legal, tax, trade and other regulatory requirements. This role requires strong program management skills, driving projects that impact multiple organizations through collaboration, stakeholder engagement and communication. Responsibilities: Product Launch &amp; Data Management Partner with project teams and business leaders across various work streams to ensure successful execution against planned launch and capability deliverables. • Collaborate across stakeholder organizations to ensure alignment of business objectives. Stakeholders from across Microsoft may include Product Marketing, Business Planning, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Global Art, Revenue Assurance, Tax, and IT/Engineering groups. • Evaluate launch requirements against current data models to assess complexity, resourcing and potential delivery lead times. Assimilate information from multiple sources to identify the key product data attribution inputs to enable launch. Drive global launch activities to manage both current and new business models, including development of launch milestones and data plans, management of SKU/BOM creation, quality validation, and application of OEM policy. • Establish and communicate key milestone dates and manage to those appropriately. Drive the ROB for SKU and BOM data creation. • Ensure the accuracy and integrity of product deliverables at launch and throughout the product lifecycle. Manage change requests and discontinuations. • Identify launch gaps and risks and confirm that solutions or mitigation plans are captured and in place for launch. • Prioritize (and deprioritize) requirements effectively according to business capability and schedules. • Effectively manage late requests and escalations, evaluating the need for exceptions and balancing between flexibility and adherence to launch timelines/discipline. Triage SKU and BOM issues. Provide system, process and data expertise to diagnose issues, prioritize, and support resolution. Data Process &amp; Systems Improvement Lead process and system improvement efforts, develop requirements, support prioritization efforts, and influence others to deliver top priority objectives that will maximize productivity and process maturity. • Leverage knowledge of business and data processes to drive process improvement and system changes required for the current state and scalable for future state. Help build an agile foundation to enable our vNext priorities. • Transition legacy execution processes to support new product and pricing capabilities. • Communicate strategy and desired future state across business and engineering partners. Articulate, with supporting data, the benefits of improvement efforts and positive impact on key business metrics. Advise direct stakeholders to influence and create readiness for change. • Create and maintain supporting documentation. Establish a broad network to influence product and pricing data transformation. Understand the potential upstream and downstream impacts of process and system changes, and work to ensure alignment. • Collaborate to deliver faster time to market, enable increased revenue, and drive operational efficiencies while maintaining data quality. Support new capability development requiring coordination across Operations, Engineering and other partners – provide SME expertise for concept and development work, create test data, assist with system stress tests, perform UAT and configuration testing. Participate on various project teams aligned with key Operations strategic initiatives with a lens on product and pricing processes across all channels. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s Degree Preferred Qualifications • Degree in Business Administration, Supply Chain and/or Logistics, IT or similar course of study or equivalent professional work experience. • 4 years minimum of experience in program management, with a track record of effectively managing in a decentralized, empowered, and dynamic environment. • Demonstrated proficiency within the Microsoft Office product suite and Microsoft SAP. • Familiar with Microsoft data structure, hierarchies, and associated tools such as SAP. • Experience creating and maintaining product &amp; pricing information. • Launch management experience delivering results through cross-team collaboration. Excellent cross-group collaboration skills and the ability to influence stakeholders. • Ability to manage multiple projects, work effectively in a rapidly changing environment and meet ongoing and overlapping deadlines. • Good people skills, comfortable leading and delegating. Ability to build and maintain great relationships with variety of partners. • Excellent analytical skills with emphasis on developing innovative solutions to solve complex problems that may not have one clear answer. • Strong business acumen, with talent for using data to achieve and support key decisions. • Excellent oral and written communication skills (both written and verbal), including the ability to customize style and message to a variety of audiences (technical/business) at different levels of the organization. • Detail oriented, self-motivated, proactive and results-driven. • Strong customer orientation and interest in the business environment. • Action oriented with the ability to react with appropriate urgency to escalations and situations that require a quick response. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323956 1074523 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Supply chain &amp; operations management Teams Supply chain &amp; operations management Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 