 Back to search results Prev Job 204 of 500 Next PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER Are you passionate about data, data platforms, and using data driven decisions to drive the Microsoft business? We are looking for a brilliant individual with the ability to contribute impactful solutions as we drive big data as a competitive advantage across Microsoft. Microsoft’s Windows Developer Group’s telemetry team is seeking an experienced developer to design and develop advanced big data solutions and foundational services to improve and push state of the art systems in machine learning, data streaming, real time search, distributed computing and storage. You will have a unique, high impact opportunity to work on massive scale real time monitoring solutions used by the largest services and apps across the company and impact program managers and developers throughout the world. You will work on a system which monitors data for all windows clients and servers, routinely processing millions of events/sec and offers rich real-time analytics, analysis, aggregations, alerts, index building (multi Gb/sec), streaming queries and full text search over multi petabytes of data with many more exciting features to come. To be successful on the team, you need to be an experienced C# or C++ developer, with strong systems sensibilities, be performance obsessed, be able to independently design large distributed components, be able to tech lead junior members on the team and be a great team player. If: • You love a fast-paced fun startup feel environment with minimal process • You love data, engineering quality, technical excellence, grassroots innovation and shipping fast at massive scale • You love to work with the latest research, open source, churn out new ideas and drive innovation. • You love working on large / impactful projects that span organizations • You have read it this far - then please join our team! Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s Degree required, preferably in Computer Science or a related field Preferred Qualifications: 1. Background in distributed computing, storage, streaming and statistics\ML 2. Experience with distributed computing in OSS 3. Great general algorithmic toolkit and analysis skills 4. Experience with count sketches, advances statistics, online ML 5. Great algorithmic grasp and practical experience in distributed computing\storage and/or advance statistics\ML 6. Master’s Degree in Computer Science preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306428 1064120 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 