 Back to search results Prev Job 303 of 500 Next Principal Research Software Development Engineering Lead In the next few years, applications and services will start to incorporate Artificial Intelligence in much the same way as consumer appliances have incorporated microprocessors. As enterprises explore and embark on leveraging AI together with cloud based applications and deployments, data privacy and regulatory compliance is becoming one of the major points of interest and contention. On the other hand, for AI to be effective, applicable, and widely used, access to a wealth of relevant data is vital. Due to data privacy concerns and existing regulations, the data that enterprises own cannot all be freely used and/or shared with various business entities, limiting technological advances and the full breath of impact that AI could have. Microsoft Research Labs are on a mission to resolve this contradiction. MSR Labs is looking for a passionate and experienced engineering leader to help us incubate and bring a new set of technologies to market. The candidate is expected to work closely with various research and product teams to push the state of the art technologies in this space. The candidate should expect a start-up like team culture, to try out and learn from iterative development cycle and deployments, and to win on speed, agility, and quality. Required Qualifications: • 10+ years of experience on software development and engineering management. • Candidate must have experience with shipping end-to-end production quality software systems to end customers, and experience with leading a software development team to architect, develop, and deliver high-quality products under practical resource and time constraints. Preferred Qualifications: • A postgraduate degree (PhD or M.S) on Computer Science or related field is preferred. • Familiarity with concurrent/multi-threaded programming, and distributed systems are all advantageous. • Experiences with AI, Machine Learning, and GPUs are big pluses. • Excellent working knowledge of algorithms and data structures, and great communication and cross-group skills are essential. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. xmsrlabsx Job # 320416 1068790 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Research Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 