 Back to search results Prev Job 162 of 500 Next Principal Program Manager We live in the Age of Data. And we LOVE Data! Data and insights from data power an increasing range of applications, transforming not just the technology industry but society at large. Individuals and businesses need a powerful, elastic, and highly-available Data Platform that can help them derive insights from large volumes of data. The Database Systems (DS) organization is delivering such a platform for a range of database workloads from online transaction processing workloads, to data warehousing solutions, from on premise enterprise systems, to on-demand cloud services. Uniquely in the industry, we deal with the full breadth of environments, from server-based to cloud-based systems, delivering features that work across these environments, providing differentiated value to our customers. The Database Systems team is responsible for one of the largest businesses within C&amp;E so not only do we own building the data platform products, we use them directly for our own analytics and reporting. We are looking for a Principal Program manager for our Business Analytics team. You will be responsible for: • Driving the vision for how we use data to run the business in coordination with the leadership team. • Coordinating across a team of PM’s, engineers, analysts and data scientists to deliver the business-critical analytics needed by the organization. • Work with Marketing, Business planning, Sales and other partners to deliver the insights that drive customer adoption and customer success. • Define, develop, and deliver the KPI’s and scorecards used to measure the business and report results regularly to all levels of the organization. • Define closed-loop capabilities to use data and telemetry in product to directly improve our customer experience and increase customer satisfaction. • Model and instill a data driven culture within the organization Basic Qualifications: ● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry engineering experience. ●5+ years of relevant program/product management, business intelligence/analytics experience. Preferred Qualifications: ●Previous business development or business planning experience ●Strong understand of financial process and accounting background with MS Sales experience desired ●Experience with SQL Server, big data systems, familiarity with BI tools with Power BI preferred, expertise with Excel ●Strong partnership skills and ability to drive for success across multiple groups and stakeholders ●Direct data science experience using data to transform the business ●Project planning and project management rigor ●Thrives in a fast moving environment with strong stakeholders ●Exceptional written and verbal communication and presentation skill Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307681 1066914 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 