 Back to search results Prev Job 287 of 500 Next Principal PM Manager Office 365 is at the core of our Company’s mission to enable people and organizations to achieve more. Be part of the team building platform services handling millions of users and exabytes of data. This isn’t just some large-scale web service: the implementation ranks among the world’s largest and most cutting edge distributed systems, spanning across data centers around the world. We are looking for a Principal Program Manager Lead to build the business data analytics platform that enables key leaders to make data driven decisions regarding the state of the business and how to run it most effectively. The projects involve using existing data, data processing pipelines, and analysis software to enable data scientists and analysts to produce new insights about the state of our business. Succeeding in this role will require: • Strong passion and proven experience delivering highly quality services. • A deep understanding of the Microsoft business, business questions that influence key decisions, and how we make those decisions. • Strong ability to handle significant ambiguity and rapid change • Relentless focus on customer needs • Strong verbal/written communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences • Exceptional problem-solving skills, both business and technical. Basic Qualifications: • 3+ years of management experience. • 5+ years of engineering program/product management experience Preferred Skills: • Success in a previous engineering PM role delivering high-scale cloud services. • Critical thinking, intellectual curiosity, strong track record of structuring and solving complex problems • Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related technical fields Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322712 1073789 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 