 Back to search results Prev Job 62 of 500 Next PRINCIPAL DATA SCIENTIST LEAD The Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) team is looking for an experienced data science leader to innovate with machine learning and applied computer science in one of the most exciting services Microsoft offers today: Windows Defender ATP. Your team will apply machine learning and data science expertise to discover emerging attacks targeting enterprise customers, by leveraging truly big data. You’ll work with the team to identify and build features, create experiments, ML models, Indicators of Attack (IOAs) and Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) to ship algorithms that provide protection for some of our most targeted customers. You’ll work broadly with engineering teams that curate and support our immense data pipelines. You’ll also work with program managers and marketing to build customer facing strategies for showcasing the industry-leading work your team performs. This role partners heavily with international development and research teams, and the opportunity for semi-regular international travel is included with this position. Microsoft also has many partner teams that have decades of ML expertise and we also offer many company-sponsored classes and conferences that focus on data science and ML. There’s great growth opportunity for data science at Microsoft, and on the ATP team. Job Responsibilities include: • Lead a strong team of data scientists and security researchers to deliver on the team’s reputation systems and next gen protection goals. • Provide exemplary leadership in a challenging and rewarding environment and influence the organization • Conduct research and lead research collaborations that yield new insights, theories, analyses, data, algorithms and prototypes and that advance state-of-the-art of advanced threat protection. • Oversee the development of high-performance machine learning models to predict and classify clean and malicious activity. • Oversee the identification of performant features and models and make them universally accessible to our team and partners across Microsoft. • Provide technical leadership to your team by reviewing problem sets, proposing prediction models, and reviewing experiments and models. • Act as a resident thought leader for machine learning, statistics, and experiment design. Basic qualifications: • 8+ years of professional experience in experiment design and applied machine learning preferably with predicting outcomes in large-scale, complex datasets Preferred qualifications: • Masters or Ph.D degree with coursework in Statistics, Data Science, Experimentation Design, and Machine Learning highly desirable. • Strong technical and thought leader with experience managing data science teams. • Proficiency in R, Azure ML, Python, or other statistics/ML tools. • Moderate coding skills. • SQL or similar required. C# or other languages strongly preferred. • Operating system security model or software security domain experience • Outstanding communication and collaboration skills. • Strong drive for results. • You have a proven record of shepherding experiments to create successful shipping products/services. • Experience with prediction in adversarial (threat) environments highly desirable. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 308175 1067673 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 