 Back to search results Prev Job 323 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineer Are you passionate about Data, Data Platform and using data driven decisions to drive the Microsoft’s business? We are looking for a brilliant individual with the ability to contribute impactful solutions as we drive Big Data as a competitive advantage across One Microsoft. Microsoft’s Asimov Xpert Real-Time Telemetry team is seeking strong developers to design and develop advanced big data solutions and foundational services to improve and push state of the art systems in data streaming, real time search, machine learning, time series db, distributed computing and storage. You will have a unique, high impact opportunity to work on a massive scale real time (under 2 minutes) monitoring solutions used by the largest services and apps across the company (including Windows, Xbox Live, Outlook, Hotmail, Skype and many more) and impact PMs and developers throughout the world. Currently monitoring all Windows clients and 120K+ Servers, Xpert is routinely processing x10M+ events/sec and offers rich real-time analytics, analysis, aggregations, alerts, index building (at over 9Gb/sec), standing queries and full text search of 4PB+, 3Trillion+ events and many more exciting features to come. To be successful on the team, you need to be an experienced C# or C++ developer, with strong systems sensibilities, be performance obsessed, be able to independently design distributed systems. Basic Qualifications: • 10 years of software development experience Preferred Qualifications: 1. Great algorithmic grasp and practical experience in distributed computing\storage and/or advance statistics\ML 2. Background in distributed computing, storage, streaming and statistics\ML. 3. Experience with distributed computing in OSS. 4. Great general algorithmic toolkit and analysis skills 5. Experience with count sketches, advances statistics, online ML Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306168 1062229 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 