 Back to search results Prev Job 299 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineering Manager We are in the midst of a revolution. Exponential growth has transformed data into a new natural resource. Every industry has focused on exploiting advanced data analytics for competitive advantage. Applications of advanced intelligence abound: deep understanding of customer relationships, self-driving vehicles, identifying snow leopards in the wild, multi-level process automation &amp; many more. The Azure Machine Learning team is working on the next generation of the Azure Big Data platform for Machine Learning development. The next generation enables data scientists to build solutions for Big Data problems using the power of azure high scale compute and services combined with the latest in research from Microsoft and the open source communities. We are visionary, and our culture is execution focused, collaborative, customer focused, and passionate. We just executed a worldwide launch of our public preview that you can try today and read the reaction to our new approach. We are looking for the next great engineering leader who can energize teams, build incredible products, and move the market. If you are an excellent engineer and manager with a passion for and deep knowledge of Data Science languages including Python and R, love Spark and Deep Learning and truly desire to grow and make your mark on the Data Science world, this is the opportunity for you in Boston. What will you do: - Be a leader and advocate for your team, your organization, and Data Science - Design and Build the next greatest thing in Azure Machine Learning with a team of great engineers - Deliver new technology capabilities to enterprise partners and customers - Expand the definition of Azure Machine Learning beyond current scope - Actively develop new mechanisms to increase Data Science productivity across multiple languages - Integrate systems with high scale backends providing easy access to large scale and cutting edge compute platforms - Maintain and operate services in the azure cloud. - Collaborate with other engineers and program managers to identify challenges and design solutions - Leverage existing open source tools and libraries in your day-to-day work. - Manage and grow an effective and efficient engineering organization Basic qualifications: • BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering • 10+ years of experience in software engineering. Preferred qualifications: • 5+ years of experience in atleast two of the following languages: Python, R, Scala, Julia • 5+ years of experience with Data Science, Machine Learning, and AI • 5+ years of experience in Data Science related frameworks such as scikit-learn, PySpark, TensorFlow, CNTK, SparklyR, etc. • Masters or PhD Preferred • You enjoy building tools and libraries. • You are familiar with many open source tools and libraries and engaged with the community. • You have a strong background in leading teams and making others great • You work and collaborate well with executives and customers • You are an excellent developer who enjoys writing code and tests. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324181 1075150 Locations United States, Cambridge (MA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 