 Back to search results Prev Job 86 of 500 Next Principal Data Scientist Are you passionate about applying machine learning to real-world problems? We are building machine learning into Office to create intelligent features. We are looking for an experienced applied researcher or developer who wants to build models that will go into production - our current partner teams include Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Office Online, Office Natural Language Experiences and more. Who are we? The OXO Machine Learning team leverages machine learning and the vast quantities of data from Office users to build amazing features in Office. We are a growing team with a goal-oriented, startup-like atmosphere, where varied skills are highly valued and the focus is on customer impact and execution speed. We are looking for someone with experience in applied machine learning and a desire to ship machine learning solutions to customers. Our team works closely with partner teams to understand places where machine learning can be leveraged for customers, then partners to ship those features. On our team, understanding the customer is just the beginning. We analyze customer data, work to understand customer problems, build models to assess these problems and then work with partner teams to build and ship machine learning models as customer-facing features. A flexible problem-solving attitude with the ability to work independently are vital. You will work cross-team to produce models that will be learned at scale and deployed at scale to Office customers. Who are you? An ideal candidate would be experienced in a wide array of ML techniques, with a focus on problem solving rather than a particular method or tool kit. You will have helped build and ship machine learning models to customers. You will be a technical leader, working closely with product teams and mentoring and guiding more junior team members. Basic Qualifications for this position: • 8+ years’ experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems. • PhD in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience. • Experience with ML tools to build models and analyze data (e.g. r, Python, Matlab, scikit-learn). • Demonstrated coding skills. Preferred Qualifications: • Knowledge of distributed computing systems is a plus (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Cosmos). • Natural Language Processing experience is a plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306450 1064869 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Build (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 