 Back to search results Prev Job 318 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineer Manager The Office Experimentation team within Data, Insights and Growth (part of Office Fundamentals) is at the forefront of driving a fundamental transformation of engineering systems and culture towards data and hypothesis-driven software development for the Office client applications - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneNote and others, across platforms, increasingly including and integrating with service/web tech and React. If you are interested in helping lead this transformation, we are searching for an Engineering Manager to lead this team of software engineers. Rapid innovation requires both the ability to deploy updates quickly (“safe velocity” including dark code deployment) and also the ability to validate both software functioning and customer value with scientific rigor. This approach is referred to as hypothesis-driven engineering and emphasizes the concept of “validated learning” where progress is defined not just in terms of delivering changes but in acquiring validated understanding of how product changes affect the quality of the user experience. As part of our company-wide data platform and in close collaboration with the Artificial Intelligence and Research (AIR) team and Azure Networking team, we are developing feature rollout and experimentation capabilities to support these goals for Office clients and Office services. Experimentation allows us to quickly and safely validate our hypotheses about code correctness, customer need, patterns of usage and markets. It also allows us to understand whether we are building the right product and to determine whether a code change, feature or idea will be beneficial for users before shipping or enabling it for all production users. Office is investing heavily in Service Delivered Features (SDF), Modern Units of Interaction (MUI) and Professional Intelligent Networks (PIN). Office products will reach a new level of innovation in how information workers collaborate. This transformation poses architectural challenges in enabling experimentation capabilities across such a networked ecosystem of information workers. The experimentation team works on an exciting set of features from conception to delivery that includes design, implementation and validation. The EM role involves managing a team of SWE, ensuring project and development excellence, career development and support and a strong team culture of customer passion and collaboration. The role requires a strong ability to partner across organizations and divisions, and presents an opportunity to define and deliver the vision and technical strategy for Feature Rollouts and Experimentation in Office. The ideal candidate for this strategic role has strong experience in the data collection and analysis space, as well as experience with both cross-platform client and service development. People management experience is expected - we have a strong philosophy that great things in software only happen within high-functioning, high-trust, high-fun team environments. Basic Qualifications: • Minimum 10 years software development experience Preferred Qualifications: • Strong programming skills in C++ • Strong software design skills, including exceptional low-level class design ability • Exposure to C#, JavaScript, Windows Azure and service development is a preferred advantage • Experience with Big Data, processing and analytics, and Experimentation technologies are all a preferred advantage • BS degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science and Engineering. Hard to overstate the importance of unlocking the power of data for Office and moving this cornerstone of the company forward - the opportunity for impact and career advancement is correspondingly large! Please don’t hesitate to contact me with questions or to find out more. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324375 1076639 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 