 Back to search results Prev Job 148 of 500 Next Principal Software Engr Mgr Azure Analytics teams is looking for a Development Manager to lead a team of talented Engineers on a one-of-a-kind big data project. Azure is an industry leading cloud platform with challenges that are unique to its incredible scale. To effectively run at this scale, it is necessary to have an accurate and real-time view of the state of physical assets and logical services operating in the datacenters. Such a system would need to process petabytes of data each day and maintain a dataset that hosts billions of objects along with their dependencies and relationships. This system would also need to support interactive relational and aggregation queries via common big data solutions like Hadoop, Spark, Kusto, ElasticSearch and Gremlin. Our team has embarked on an ambitious effort to captures all the physical and logical entities in the Azure data center along with their relationships in a big data graph. This would mean building an inventory of millions of machines, disks, network device, power units, containers, OS deployments, services, subscriptions, customers etc. This rich data structure will power a knowledge graph that can answer a multitude of critical business questions like security risk exposure, compliance audits, fraud detection, outage assessment, estimating customer impact of risky changes etc. There are also unique visualization challenges of exploring the entities stored in a such a large and heterogenous Graph. Ideal candidate should enjoy working in a startup culture and blazing trails on brand new challenges. Ability to experiment, fail fast and rapidly iterate with customers is a must. Basic Qualifications: • 8+ years of experience of software design and development skills. Preferred Qualifications: • Strong expertise and experience on design and development of platforms with a track record of shipping multiple releases. • Experience with big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Hive, HBase, MongoDB, Cassandra Experience leading a team as a manager Expert knowledge in Object Oriented Languages Like C++, C#, Java. • Deep understanding of efficient data structures and algorithms. • Excellent analytical skills Specialization in statistics or Machine Learning is a plus but not required Responsibilities: • Serve as Engineering manager to a team of Software Developers. • Develop scalable solutions for data discovery, analysis, and present Develop metadata driven data collection, integration, and organization services. • Work closely with subject matter experts and statisticians to drive deep analysis. • Research and implement machine learning and statistical data mining techniques. • Design and implement patterns for accurate capture and representation of data. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325195 1078253 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 