 Back to search results Prev Job 37 of 500 Next Principal Data Scientist Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to work on one of the largest data science teams at Microsoft, lighting up actionable insights that drive the key business decisions for the entire Office365 organization? The Office Insights, Data Engineering &amp; Analytics team (Office IDEAs), is the newly formed central data science team for Office365 engineering and marketing. The team is looking for a passionate, creative, analytical and experienced data scientist who can identify and create initiatives and have the people leadership skills to develop the critical relationship across the organization. Our team plays a key role in providing data and analytics for Office365 and owns the end to end decision sciences charter that includes: bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health opportunity analysis and hypothesis generation for stages throughout the end-to-end user lifecycle building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans engineering, marketing, partners and finance user centric ML models that drive new experiences in the Office applications and services To be successful in this role, you must be driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. You also need to have strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. You also thrive in a team environment that values cross team collaboration and building on the success of others. Responsibilities: Provide technical leadership to the team on designing, prototyping, implementing and testing descriptive and predictive analytics models Providing insight to senior management to support strategic decision-making, preparing and delivering insights and recommendations based on analyses Work with data engineers to architect and develop operational models that run at scale Partner with cross-functional teams to identify and explore opportunities for the application of machine learning and predictive analysis Communicates well with technical and non-technical audiences, and contributing modeling expertise as a thought leader Basic Qualifications: Master’s degree or higher in Statistics/Math/Computer Science or related field 10+ years of industry work experience in SQL, R, Python to implement statistical models, machine learning, and analysis (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, time series forecasting, regression models, etc.) in big data environment Preferred Qualifications: Advanced working knowledge of data mining using SQL, ETL and Data Warehouses Experience on large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, MapReduce and/or similar systems preferred Experience with programming skills, e.g. Java, C# is a plus Familiarity with deep learning toolkits, e.g. CNTK, TensorFlow, etc. is a plus Exceptional written and verbal communication to educate and work with cross functional teams Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. #OfficeDataScience Job # 325671 1078747 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 