 Back to search results Prev Job 40 of 500 Next Principal Data and Applied Scientist Lead The Microsoft Malware Protection Center (MMPC) is looking for an experienced manager and data scientist to lead a team of data scientists and researchers in our Redmond Research Lab. The Microsoft Malware Protection Center (MMPC) is committed to helping Microsoft customers keep their computers secure against malicious attacks and cybercrime. By continuously gathering and analyzing data, and by working with organizations inside and outside Microsoft, the MMPC stays agile to combat evolving threats. Our mission is to help protect customers and systems with industry-leading proactive protection, advise customers, and engage in valuable partnerships. More details about MMPC at http://microsoft.com/mmpc Your team will apply machine learning and data science expertise to enhance our reputation systems so that we can predict and block cybersecurity threats. You’ll work with the team to identify and build features, create experiments, vet ML models, and ship successful models that provide protection for hundreds of millions of Microsoft customers. At Microsoft, you’ll have access to vast amounts of threat-related data from billions of endpoints and other sources. Our data pipelines are curated and supported by engineering teams. Microsoft also has many partner teams that have decades of ML expertise and we also offer many company-sponsored classes and conferences that focus on data science and ML. There’s great growth opportunity for data science at Microsoft, and on the MMPC team, you and your team will be able to apply that expertise to protecting customers, such as consumers like your friends and family to enterprises that have critical assets that need advanced threat protection from targeted attacks. Job Responsibilities include: • Lead a strong team of data scientists and security researchers to deliver on the team’s reputation systems and next gen protection goals. • Provide exemplary leadership in an exceptionally challenging and rewarding environment and influence the organization • Conduct research and lead research collaborations that yield new insights, theories, analyses, data, algorithms and prototypes and that advance state-of-the-art of malware protection. • Oversee the development of high-performance machine learning models to predict and classify clean and malicious activity. • Oversee the identification of performant features and models and make them universally accessible to our team and partners across Microsoft. • Provide technical leadership to your team by reviewing problem sets, proposing prediction models, and reviewing experiments and models. • Act as a resident thought leader for machine learning, statistics, and experiment design. Basic qualifications: • 8+ years of professional experience in experiment design and applied machine learning predicting outcomes in large-scale, complex datasets. • A Masters or Ph.D degree with coursework in Statistics, Data Science, Experimentation Design, and Machine Learning highly desirable. Preferred qualifications: • Strong technical and thought leader with experience managing data science teams. • Proficiency in R, Azure ML, Python, or other statistics/ML tools. • Moderate coding skills. • SQL or similar required. C# or other languages strongly preferred. • Outstanding communication and collaboration skills. • Strong drive for results. • You have a proven record of shepherding experiments to create successful shipping products/services. • Experience with prediction in adversarial (threat) environments highly desirable. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 303905 1059154 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 