 Back to search results Prev Job 58 of 500 Next Principal Data Scientist Join the excitement of Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud at Microsoft! We are a fast-paced data science team in the Data Group, building deep learning powered intelligent tools and end-to-end solutions for scenarios in diverse enterprise and consumer verticals. We are looking for data scientists who are passionate about data and want to apply machine learning techniques to solve real-world problems for enterprises and consumers. You will help develop capabilities for deep learning models and tools and solutions around it. You would also work on predictive and prescriptive modeling, text and image mining &amp; processing, recommendations, clustering, anomaly detection, forecasting methods, and other advanced statistical techniques. You will work with data from diverse structured and unstructured data sources in both batch and streaming modes, and various formats including tabular, image/video, audio, text and time series. In this role, you will interact with a team of experts in deep learning, machine learning, distributed systems, program management and partner product teams, and work on all aspects of the design, development and delivery of deep learning enabled solutions, including problem definition, data acquisition, data exploration and visualization, training, testing and evaluating deep learning models, experimenting with advanced Deep Learning techniques and algorithms, evaluating and comparing metrics, deploying the models in cloud, create an end-to-end pipeline for deep learning solutions in production, iteratively improving the solution, and building the tools and libraries to streamline this process. Requirements: •PhD /MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Physics, Mathematics, Operations Research or equivalent technical field. •5+ years (includes PhD/MS/BS work) of experience. •Software development skills in one or more high level languages (C#/C/C++/Java), one or more scripting languages (Python/R). •Knowledge of advanced machine learning techniques. •Knowledge on deep learning techniques preferred. •Experience in any of the deep learning frameworks (Keras, TensorFlow, CNTK, Theano, Caffe, Torch, H2O, deeplearning4j). •Expertise in SQL, SAS etc. •Ability to build production grade machine learning enabled solutions end to end. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 282560 1017862 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 