 Back to search results Prev Job 371 of 500 Next Principal Applied Scientist The Bing Ads team is looking for a principal applied scientist to work in the space of large scale Machine Learning, Information Retrieval, Statistical Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Data Analysis, and Computational Economics problems. The role provides the opportunity to research in these domains, writing production grade systems, and performing large scale data analysis. The role would require an ability to understand large scale systems, analyze large volumes of data to determine areas of improvement, conceptualize new product ideas, formulate solutions, build prototypes, and launch to production. The role will also include driving projects, mentoring junior member of the team, working with customers to understand their requirements, interact with leadership team to understand their goals, and develop solutions based on these. The requirements for this role are: 1. 10+ years’ experience in R&amp;D one of the following fields: ML, IR, Statistical NLP, CV, or Computational Economics. 2. Strong academic background in one of above fields. Publications are a plus. 3. Strong experience in writing production grade systems in languages like C, C++, C#, or Java. Knowledge of map-reduce framework is a must. Knowledge of Spark/Storm is a plus 4. Ability to drive multiple projects simultaneously, involving working with multiple team members, teams, and partners. 5. Ability to design large scale solutions and systems. 6. Ability to quickly investigate issues when models don’t behave as expected. 7. Ability to independently drive data analysis, propose solutions, and drive projects to completion. 8. Ability to communicate ideas and findings clearly. Ability to interact with leadership team and partner teams is a must. 9. Ability to collaborate with multiple partners spread across different teams and geographies. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324929 1077733 Locations United States, Sunnyvale (CA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Products and technologies Advertising Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 