 Back to search results Prev Job 296 of 500 Next Principal Program Manager Do you have experience defining and shipping cloud based services? Do you have polished security chops and practical knowledge of how to chase online bad guys? Do you enjoy using your mad data science skills to continuously refine and improve data to make decisions and guide future actions? Then read on! The C+E Security Threat Protection Program Management team provides normalized, high fidelity, threat intelligence data and context from first and third-party sources to product and service teams across the company. We deliver enriched threat data to customers through services like Azure Security Center and Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection, as well as internal defender teams like the Cyber Defense Operations Center (CDOC), Digital Crimes Unit (DCU), Microsoft Threat Intelligence Center (MSTIC), and others. When it comes to threat intelligence, whoever has the freshest, most relevant and actionable data wins – our customers expect nothing less… We are looking for an experienced Principal Program Manager to help define and implement important aspects of threat data enrichment. This role will have elements of program management and quasi-architectural responsibility with the primary goal of designing and implementing Azure-based enrichment services, specifically in the areas of correlation, scoring, attribution and trending that will reason over our corpus of threat intelligence data and provide high quality insights to increase “speed of resolution” on security incidents. You will have an opportunity to optimize and use whatever methods necessary (including data science techniques such as machine learning) to stand up operational solutions. You will be relentlessly customer focused, have an agile, “ship it!” mentality, be technically proficient, and use data to drive decision making. Your work will contribute directly to shipping products and services in C+E and across all of Microsoft’s security solutions, so you will need to have outstanding written and verbal communication skills – high EQ is a must. In this role, you will work with ISV partners, cloud and endpoint security experts, threat intelligence analysts, machine learning experts, data scientists, engineers, and of course, other program managers. You will be responsible for working closely with these internal and external partners and customers to define the business scenarios and metrics, propose and drive solutions and own the project management, execution and delivery of the projects and initiatives that you are leading. Basic qualifications: - 6+ years program or project management experience - 2+ years software engineering and/or development experience Preferred Qualifications: - Deep background in all aspects of software engineering and development lifecycle - Ability to work with customers or partners and harness product requirements - Scenario focused design &amp; development expertise - Ability to drive product definition, success criteria, align product and business goals - Plan and manage numerous projects - Demonstrated ability to collaborate with teams across Microsoft and across levels of management - Excellent communication skills with ability to influence business and technical decision makers - Demonstrated technical product experience with cloud platforms and services – preference in security - Practical experience with the various aspects of online security; understanding use/abuse cases and the Cyber Kill Chain a big plus - Practical experience with big data and machine learning - Understanding of malware/malicious software detection techniques; sandboxed environments - A BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent. Master’s degree preferred. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325955 1079097 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 