 Back to search results Prev Job 197 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineering Manager Help build an exabyte-scale big data platform in Office 365 - the biggest enterprise and consumer cloud in the world. Office 365 consists of products like Outlook, Exchange, Outlook.com, SharePoint, OneDrive, Skype and Microsoft Teams. This isn’t just some large web service; the implementation ranks among the world’s largest and most cutting edge distributed systems spanning across 100s of data centers around the world, 100,000s of servers and exabytes of data. The products are used by majority of the Fortune 500 enterprises, key government organizations, thousands of non-profits and 100s of millions of consumers across the world. In a relatively new project, we are tasked to build a massive data processing platform to help analyze, form inferences, facilitate deep neural network creation, deep learning, data mining, machine learning, model building and model serving - on business and consumer Office 365 data for a billion users. The volume of data forces us to break all conventions and stretch the limitation of technologies like HDFS and YARN. Join us and be part of building one of the largest Hadoop deployments. Using YARN, Map/Reduce, Hive, ZooKeeper, Java, Storm, and integration with Azure Data Lake, we are building a platform and framework that enables endless scenarios for our customers to get delightful and insightful information about their data, in addition to help us make better features. Data is the future, and this platform provides the means to process the biggest dataset in the world – Office 365. The team is expanding and is in need of a seasoned engineering manager. Responsibilities: - Manage a team of 10-20 engineers. Be responsible for their hiring, mentorship, growth, performance evaluation and job satisfaction. - Take ownership of a large problem space in the project and drive the results through your team. - Get involved with project's roadmap, strategic thinking and business alignment. - Ensure successful delivery of projects through project management, putting processes in place and frequent evaluations. - Partner with inbound and outbound teams within Microsoft to deliver the business results. - Make sure right technical decisions are made. Requirements: - This position requires a deep interest in software engineering and strong knowledge of computing concepts such as fault tolerance, self-healing, network protocols, network programming, multi-threaded programming, performance, reliability, scalability, and security. - 3+ years of experience in managing engineering teams - Project management skills - Distributed systems architect level knowledge - Candidates must have a thorough knowledge of a modern garbage collected language such as Java or C# in addition to strong writing and communication skills. - Familiarity with machine learning and expertise in Hadoop or other big data technologies will give advantage to your candidacy but is not required. - You will closely collaborate with partner teams to ensure coverage of key scenarios and make certain that common methodologies and metrics are used across the board. Your ability to effectively collaborate and develop strong relationships will be a critical part of the team’s success. Do you like working with big data? Do you want to impact a billion people overnight and multiple times per year? Do you want unrivalled experience working with one of the largest and most popular distributed systems in the world? Come join us! Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 290162 1055198 Locations United States, Mountain View (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 