 Back to search results Prev Job 285 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineer We are the Azure Big Data teams part of the C+E Azure organization. Azure Big data teams present interesting challenges in technologies such as big-data, cloud, storage and open-source. We build reliable, highly scalable and highly performing distributed systems for data analytics on Azure. We work with various open-source technologies like Hadoop, Yarn, etc., and make contributions to these technologies. We are creating a planetary scale storage system, which can scale to Exabyte of data (yes, that’s 18+ digits!). Azure services is building next generation globally distributed, elastic scale, multi-model cloud database services. It is designed to enable developers to build planet-scale applications. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of a very agile team, take on hard distributed system problems and ship high impact features at a rapid pace. As an engineer, you have an opportunity to work on the latest technology in compute and container hosting to build a massively scalable unified cloud service framework, get to work on heterogeneous transport protocols, apply innovative algorithms for solving placement and load balancing problems at scale. We need collaborative developers who can think big, deliver on those big challenges, and along the way, change the world. We are looking for engineers to build them from the ground up. Want to change the world with data and large-scale distributed systems? Do you want to solve challenges that you didn’t even know existed until you get to a large size? Come join us on the Azure Big data team! Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 7+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming with at least 3+ years of professional development experience in C/C++ Preferred Qualifications: • 9+ years of experience in developing and shipping complex software systems. • Solid coding chops. • Great design and problem-solving skills, with a strong passion for performance analysis, quality and engineering excellence at scale. • Our code runs on thousands of machines in multiple continents. Knowledge in distributed systems, including high-performance distributed storage, databases or networking is a plus. • Prior experience with designing and shipping highly scalable services is a plus. • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes. • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems. • Great curiosity and willingness to question. • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323578 1074194 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 