 Back to search results Prev Job 308 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineer Machine learning, data science and artificial intelligence. We are in the midst of a revolution. Exponential growth has transformed data into a new natural resource. Every industry has focused on exploiting advanced data analytics for competitive advantage. Applications of advanced intelligence abound: identifying snow leopards in the wile, deep understanding of customer relationships, self-driving vehicles, multi-level process automation &amp; many more. Our team is working on the next generation of the Azure Big Data platform for data scientists. The next generation enables data scientists to build solutions for Big Data problems using the power of azure high scale compute and services combined with the latest in research from Microsoft and the open source communities. Our culture is execution focused, collaborative, and passionate. We are looking for great, creative Engineers who can think outside the box. Familiarity and excitement for designing and building complete full stack products and fault-tolerant services at a true high scale are key to our vision. If you are passionate about building large scale, cutting edge solutions, not limited by any given role, and building world class engineering systems and teams for the AI revolution, then there is an opportunity to join the Azure Machine Learning team in Boston. What will you do: • Design and Build the next greatest thing in Azure Machine Learning Deliver new technology capabilities to enterprise partners and customers Expand the definition of Azure Machine Learning beyond current scope Actively develop and design UX and backend systems. • Maintain and operate services in the azure cloud. • Collaborate with other engineers and program managers to identify challenges and design solutions Leverage existing open source tools and libraries in your day-to-day work. • Be a leader in the organization Mentor engineers in the team. Who are you: • You have at least a BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent. • You have 10+ years of experience in software engineering. • You have experience writing distributed, high scale services. • You are familiar with many open source tools and libraries and engaged with the community. • You have implemented non-trivial web-based GUI’s and supporting backends. • You have a strong background in leading teams and making others great • You work and collaborate well with executives and customers • You are an excellent developer who enjoys writing code and tests. • You have experience with Data Science, Machine Learning, and AI Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 289233 1053060 Locations United States, Cambridge (MA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 