 Back to search results Prev Job 368 of 500 Next Principal Program Manager Office 365 is at the center of Microsoft’s cloud service strategy. It brings together cloud versions of our most trusted communications and collaboration offerings such as Exchange, SharePoint and Skype/Teams with a platform that enables Microsoft to bring our best technology assets (e.g. machine learning and big data analysis) alongside massive consumer and enterprise data sets to provide world class features and insights, delighting millions of customers every day. Just as our cloud service provides world class cloud capabilities to our customers our goal is to also deliver world class capabilities for our engineers as they develop, build, deploy, monitor and update Office 365. The O365 Core team is looking for a Program Manager who is obsessed with enabling Microsoft engineers to deliver their features at all times from all locations with a great experience. In this role, you’ll work across Microsoft with teams like Microsoft Cloud Infra/Operations (MCIO), Azure, Bing, Office and Windows to design and execute a strategy to ensure key engineering systems are always available, easily monitored, run with low latency, and generally embrace cloud best practices to deliver a delightful experience to our engineers. This will involve incorporating the best of breed features and cloud service best practices from Office 365 into both our own engineering systems as well as those of our partners. To be successful, candidates should have: • Strong technical program manager background (at least 5 years) with a proven track record in developing and shipping software or services; • Experience with highly available/disaster recovery techniques preferred • Background in data mining with a demonstrated ability to use the data to influence and drive decisions regarding customer facing experience is preferred • Demonstrated collaboration skills that require influencing peers and leaders to embrace best practices and align to engineering goals Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of program or product management experience developing and shipping software or services. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325553 1078633 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 