 Back to search results Prev Job 358 of 500 Next Principal Program Manager The Azure ML team is a fast-paced product group within the Microsoft Cloud + Enterprise organization building an exciting Machine Learning service that will make it easy for all data scientists and ML engineers to create and deploy robust, scalable and highly available machine learning web services on the cloud. We are looking for an experienced Principal Program Manager who will be passionate about delivering a highly available and reliable cloud platform that will transform the data science and machine learning experience. Come to build out and lead the Artificial Intelligence/Machine/Deep Learning investments, define innovative experiences for data science, and extend the state of the art in deep learning performance and efficiency in the industry. You will also deeply engage with customer/partners/ISVs to understand and coalesce requirements into a single set of improvements. You will champion investments in AI/Machine Learning to drive product user adoption and engagement. You will genuinely understand user behavior from the data and use it to drive decisions for ongoing investments. You will understand and analyze the interplay of hardware and software architectures on future of inferencing, and collaborate across the company to guide the direction of machine learning. You will be responsible for end product success in the market by work across organizations such as AI, data scientists, Azure core team, field, marketing, and finance to drive product into market. You will work with other highly capable program managers in our engineering teams to build this platform. Basic Qualifications: • B.S. degree in Computer Science or IT related discipline. • 7+ years’ experience in product design • 2+ years’ experience with data analytics and storage, using languages &amp; systems like SQL, R, HDFS • 2+ years’ experience coding in C# OR C++ OR Java OR Scala OR Python OR Swift Preferred Qualifications: • Intense curiosity and willingness to question • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers • Experience developing big data analytic application, streaming solutions, or machine learning applications, using technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Big Query, Storm, R, Red Shift, S3, EBS, or GCS. • Experience building cloud scale applications on cloud platforms like Azure, AWS or GCE .Proven experience in building and driving execution on large complex projects Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check every two years. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 288486 1051688 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 