 Back to search results Prev Job 322 of 500 Next Principal Software Development Engineer, Azure Identity Every once in a while a job comes along with the opportunity to positively affect the user experience of everyone who uses Microsoft products. If you’ve been waiting for that kind of opportunity to come along this may be the job for you. The Azure Identity team is searching for the next leader who can help defining, building and evolving directory data querying and caching strategy for Azure Active Directory (AAD). In the mobile-first cloud-first world the directory related experience signing user in, picking the right identity or simply browsing the data that is available for the user is the front door for building closer customer relationships, supporting smoother commerce transactions and keeping people safe. But we’ve all experienced the frustration of signing in, creating new identity and trying new or using already acquired applications and getting user data not found, operations timing out etc. Our customers need a better experience! Imagine how great it will be when people can perform their day to day tasks and never worry about the limits of the identity data and it's various versions across multiple Microsoft systems. In this role you’ll investigate, design and implement core data technologies for the high volume services enabling seamless authentication and directory data access. You’ll be working in a close, team-oriented environment and will help team members engage in rapid experimentation to deliver solutions for multiple services on fast iteration cycles. You’ll need to be sensitive to the needs of your partner teams, recognize and use the complimentary skills of each team member and develop shared goals that support win/win results for our partners across product groups This is a Principal Software Development Engineer job with lots of deeply technical opportunities, areas for innovation and ample technical leadership visibility and the opportunity for advancement. There is lots of cross group work, so you’ll need to love that kind of work and be proficient at creating and maintaining warm and productive working relationships with other partner teams. Oh, and there’s a new boat load of challenges arriving every day in this job, so you’ll need to be able to help your team work closely with the teams you enable, reason about priorities and create collaborative agreements about the ordering of work while maintaining good relationships with those teams. There is a lot of deep distributed systems and security technology in this job, so a background in services and security is a plus but it's not a prerequisite. What’s really important is that you can show empathy for customers, be sensitive to their needs and are proficient at helping teamwork to deliver a great solutions. We are looking for a leader with the experience in working in agile teams, passion for mentorship and team building, customer focus and focus on the fundamentals. Basic Qualifications: • BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline, or 4 years of software engineering experience in lieu of degree • 10+ years of professional software development experience in either C, C++, Java or C# The Azure Identity team is a tight-knit community of engineers who are committed to working closely with customers and partners. We want to truly understand their requirements and deliver solutions that not only satisfy their needs but exceed their expectations. Our aim is to be the best and most successful identity service in the world because we understand our customers, listen to them and earn the right to be their long-term partners by delivering great experiences with great security. If that sounds like the right environment for you please join us! #identityjobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 308472 1068616 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 