 Back to search results Prev Job 129 of 500 Next Principal Program Manager Data is the new currency of the digital world, and Microsoft is uniquely positioned to help businesses and consumers get the most out of theirs. With the leading database in the world - SQL Server, and the rapidly growing Azure cloud data platform, Microsoft has made an enormous bet on delivering a modern data platform. Customers are using this platform to disrupt markets and transform their existing business. Azure SQL Data Warehouse is at the heart of Microsoft’s cloud data and analytics platform. As the fastest growing data service on Azure, SQL Data Warehouse is already being used by some of the top Fortune 100 companies. Our mission is to make analytics for any sized data, easy and accessible to every organization. We will do this by delivering breakthrough product experiences that modernize data warehousing to handle the speed, variety and scale of today’s data. The Azure SQL Data Warehouse team is at the center of the explosive growth that is happening with the cloud, big data and advanced analytics. We are looking for a senior thought leader with strong product/program management experience and a passion for data and analytics. This leader will help define and drive the product strategy and roadmap, and interact with senior leaders in Azure, the field, marketing as well as key decision makers within our customers. In this role you will shape and define product capabilities and experiences by deeply engaging with customers as well as by using data to understand engagement and quality of experience. You will guide other Program Managers in delivering great product experiences through inception all the way through engaged customer usage. You will create and lead with clarity while bringing a strong bias for action. The opportunities to significantly impact the team, Azure, Microsoft, and the industry are practically limitless. Candidates will be asked for a portfolio submission prior to interviews that cover a sample of previous work. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or industry software engineering experience • 7+ years professional experience in product design or product management • 2+ years of leading product or program management teams Preferred Qualifications: • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers • Strong cross-group collaboration skills. • An ability to analyze high-level requirements and turn them into actionable plans • Experience developing big data analytic applications, streaming solutions, or machine learning applications, using technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Big Query, SQL Data Warehouse, Storm, R, Red Shift, S3, EBS, Snowflake or GCS • 2+ years of experience leading cloud PM teams. • Experience in data warehousing, database services and big data technologies is a plus, but not required. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 291649 1059362 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 