 Back to search results Prev Job 84 of 500 Next Principal Data Scientist Manager Are you an experienced manager passionate about applying machine learning to real-world problems? Are you excited about the chance to work to impact the most important product at Microsoft - Office? Our team builds machine learning into Office to create intelligent features - our current partner teams include Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Office Online, Office Natural Language Experiences and more. Who are we? The OXO Machine Learning team leverages machine learning and the vast quantities of data from Office users to build amazing features in Office. We are a growing team with a goal-oriented, startup-like atmosphere, where varied skills are highly valued and the focus is on customer impact and execution speed. We are looking for someone with experience in applied machine learning and a desire to ship machine learning solutions to customers. Our team works closely with partner teams to understand places where machine learning can be leveraged for customers, then partners to ship those features. Who are you? An ideal candidate has experience leading developers, applied researchers and data scientists. You are knowledgeable in a wide array of ML techniques, with a focus on problem solving, rather than a particular method or tool kit. You will have helped build and ship machine learning models to customers based on real-world data. You are a technical leader who can balance expediency with long-term stability and a great manager able to motivate, mentor and guide team members in their careers. You are adept at navigating the engineering and machine learning challenges of building and deploying machine learning solutions to customers, ideally in a service environment. You can work closely with product teams not familiar with the challenges of ML. Basic Qualifications: • 10+ years’ experience building machine learning models. Preferred Qualifications: • Demonstrated leadership experience developing and deploying ML solutions. • PhD in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience. • Experience with ML tools to build models and analyze data (e.g. r, Python, Matlab, scikit-learn). • Knowledge of distributed computing systems is a plus (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Cosmos). • Demonstrated coding skills. • Natural Language Processing experience is a plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307120 1064871 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 