 Back to search results Prev Job 7 of 500 Next Principal Data Scientist We are currently building the next generation family of Microsoft developer products! This endeavor offers big opportunities for data science and machine learning. These products include our development environments ranging from editors and compilers to dev ops. These tools are cloud connected to Azure, and afford a tremendous opportunity to utilize data science, machine learning, and AI to provide analytics and algorithmic data science systems to better understand and serve our users. With tens of terabytes of data generated daily, these systems must be built at petabyte scale. Further, there are many green field opportunities in building tools, systems, and algorithms to provide novel offerings for customer understanding, customer outreach, marketing and sales systems at cloud scale using Azure and open source systems for distributed computing, data science, deep learning etc. The Data Science team within the our organization brings the unique IQ of understanding data through statistical techniques and building systems using cutting edge machine learning algorithms at scale. The scientists closely work with data engineering, data insights, product organizations, feature engineering organizations, marketing and sales, to provide deep insights and help make data-driven business decisions. A role within the Data Science team offers unique opportunities to make product and business impact with executive visibility. Preferred Basic Qualifications : • Masters and Bachelors with significant practical experience. • 7+ years of Java, Python or C++ • Degrees in computer science, statistics, or related fields. • Strong academic work and professional experience in statistics, machine learning including deep learning, econometrics, text processing required. • Excellent development skills in one of Java, Python, C++ required. • Experience in building cloud-scale systems and experience working with Open source stacks for data processing and data science strongly recommended. • Excellent communication skills, ability to present and write reports, strong team work preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Job # 274286 1011476 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 