 Back to search results Prev Job 304 of 500 Next Principal Software Engineer The Microsoft Big Data team is looking for a Principal developer that is passionate about our domain; designing Microsoft's U-SQL language and computation technologies. Our teams charter is to design and operate Microsoft massively scalable analytic platform; internally this is referred to as SCOPE / Cosmos, externally this is newly announced as U-SQL / ADL (Azure Data Lake). This platform is both the strategic bet of the company and the internal backbone of Microsoft today; executing over a million jobs daily (batch and interactive), which process petabytes of data. The Big Data Compute team is specifically responsible for (4) large areas; language and compilation, query optimization, runtime execution and distributed job scheduling across hundreds of thousands of machines, all of which span (3) distinct workloads; batch, interactive and stream processing. As part of the U-SQL Compiler and Language team; you will be a part of a small team of specialized developers focused on language design, compiler theory, logical plans, code generation and advancing our analytical capabilities, with the opportunity to work across the compute stack; from query optimization, to scalable execution, and parallelizable scheduling. This position offers an opportunity to learn the cutting edge research in the field of big data analytics, have real businesses that depend upon your technology daily, while having the ability to iterate with our internal customers on innovative and advanced capabilities. The ideal candidate should be curious about massively distributed systems, comfortable with evaluating the existing state of the art research, capable of designing novel complex algorithms, attentive to customer needs, and open to uncompromising support of the production services. The candidate needs to be highly self-motivated, result-oriented, and capable of driving a project from beginning to end. Specific requirements: BS/MS or higher degree in computer science or equivalent. PhD is a plus. Background in compilers, database query engines and/or machine learning. Strong problem solving and coding skills. 5+ years experience in problem solving and coding skills C++ or C# or Java. Ability to deal with ambiguity and work in collaborative fast pace environment. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Job # 274576 1012648 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 