 Back to search results Prev Job 239 of 500 Next Principal Applied Machine Learning Engineering Manager, Azure Security Digital thieves are getting more sophisticated and harder to detect and stop. Our enterprise customers are asking us to do more to protect their accounts from compromise and the data to which they have access from theft - whether in their own data centers, Microsoft’s cloud environments or other environments. Proactive measures, including infrastructure security improvements, Privileged Identity Management and multi-factor authentication, are only part of the solution. The C+E Security Division team is seeking highly talented and motivated software engineers with strong machine learning/statistical background to help prevent the theft of our customer’s digital assets using a range of behavioral modeling techniques. We are on the lead edge applying a unique combination of security research and machine learning that we call enterprise security intelligence. Come be part of this exciting new generation of security analytics! Responsibilities: • Develop high-performance machine learning systems for detecting abnormality, intrusion, fraud, masquerading, etc. • Deliver end to end solutions to analyze data that originates from users, services, or other automated systems • Develop infrastructure as required to enable new experiences in enterprise security intelligence by deriving meaning from vast array of enterprise data about users and their activity • Build and operate enterprise class services • Actively engage other teams across the company to identify security scenarios where machine learning/applied statistics can be used, and lead the development of solutions to these problems • Act as an expert in the area of machine learning/statistics to serve the growing needs of C+E Security • Provide technical and managerial leadership for team of applied machine learning developers Basic Qualifications: • BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or other quantifiable fields such as Statistics, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Decision Science, or Data Analytics • 10+ years of experience developing production quality code in a professional software engineering role • 5+ years of educational or professional experience in applying machine learning and data mining techniques to real problems with copious amounts of data Preferred Qualifications: • Strong algorithmic background and experience applying knowledge to solve real problems • Experience with very large-scale data processing/analysis (a.k.a. Big Data) • Experience with C/C++ and/or C# skills and understanding of software design patterns • Experience developing high-performance service-oriented solutions • Ability to work independently to actively identify and drive solutions for evolving business problems • Experience leading a team of like-minded (talented / motivated) developers and a proven ability to mentor and support the growth of others • Ph.D. in Computer Science or other quantifiable fields such as Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Decision Science, Data Analytics, etc. with applied practical experience and programming background are desirable Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 305935 1064098 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 