 Back to search results Prev Job 334 of 500 Next Product Mktg Mgr Dynamics COL. Are you a creative marketer that is passionate about technology? Do you have a strong background in business applications and enterprise cloud services? Do you want to join a critical, innovative, and fast-growing business at Microsoft? If so, we want to talk to you! Business Applications are a significant priority for Microsoft. We launched Dynamics 365 in July of 2016 and we're seeing massive traction with solutions for Sales, Service, Finance, and Operations. We differentiate Dynamics 365 from any other business application provider in the market by tying together the power of business processes and data, productivity tools, big data, IoT and device data, and advanced analytics. Join the team and help us transform the business applications market! The US Dynamics 365 BG is looking for a top notch segment product marketer to join our team. You'll work with the Director of Segment &amp; Partner Marketing to develop and execute our Go-to-market strategy for the SMC (Small &amp; Medium Corporate) segment. Key Responsibilities Leading the creation of competitive, differentiated, and impactful Marketing strategies for the SMC segments. Land strong sales plays and programs working with our field sales, OCP and other marketing teams to improve our execution against our competitors. Maintain a clear understanding of the segments pipeline, revenue/scorecard metrics health Represent the segments performance, with key business &amp; execution insights at Monthly and Quarterly Business Rhythms Measure &amp; report Demand Generation and pipeline management in order to drive excellence in marketing execution and sales acceleration Accountable for tracking of SMC marketing budget ? Partner with other members in the BG, sales excellence, segment sales lead, OCP team to successfully execute the SMC charter Experience &amp; Skill sets: Candidate should have 7+ years of related work experience. Product/ and or segment marketing experience is a plus. We are looking for a highly motivated, results-driven marketer, who has analytical &amp; creative bent of mind to understand the segment's business performance, do gap assessment and come up with creative marketing strategies to address the gaps Candidate must be able to generate high-impact ideas, clearly prioritize, manage multiple projects simultaneously and drive them to completion. Candidate must have a proven ability to work across virtual teams and motivate others within and across segment &amp; business groups. This position requires excellent oral and written communications abilities, and strong interpersonal skills including the ability to interact with technical and business leaders. A Bachelors degree. MBA is a plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320334 1068061 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Marketing Products and technologies Dynamics Teams Dynamics Microsoft Dynamics. Meet the team that’s changing dynamic relationships in amazing ways. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 