 Back to search results Prev Job 362 of 500 Next Product Marketing Manager Are you a big picture thinker? Do you find yourself gravitating towards asking “why” questions? Do you enjoy digging into data to find key trends, insights, &amp; building winning business strategies? Do you find fulfillment in being able to deliver thoughtful analysis with meaningful insights? Do you love devices &amp; want to be part of the next wave of Windows Devices? If you answered “yes” to any of these questions, Windows Consumer Marketing needs you to help shape the future of Windows Consumer Devices! The mission of the Consumer Devices team is to make sure we have a focused set of the right devices, with the right features, at the right prices, at the right time to drive growth &amp; support our marketing campaigns. We are looking for an individual to own consumer devices research and insights, to inform these important strategic decisions. We’re looking for an individual who is comfortable in the world of research, data trends, to create stories from data, and is passionate about understanding consumer behavior. If you’re passionate about the Windows device ecosystem &amp; want to drive the research and analysis to answer questions on where we should take that ecosystem, this may be the role for you! In this role, you will work with the Consumer Devices team &amp; our partners to develop &amp; drive the annual research plan, work across major data sources to identify key trends, define market sizing &amp; market opportunities, &amp; leverage the results to identify insights &amp; plans that will impact our multi-year device strategy. This includes partnering extensively with CMR to develop research plans that address key business questions, and then attending the research to gather insights and provide on the ground, real time feedback on the points consumers raise. After completing the research, you would conduct significant analysis to develop reports highlighting key findings, and then read out these reports to relevant stakeholders. In addition to owning the research plan, outcomes, &amp; report you would own looking through market trends leverage sales data, satisfaction data, or other telemetry to understand where the market is, and where it is going, what are the major marketing opportunities &amp; what is the size of those opportunities, informing the development of a product roadmap through insights about form factors, features and consumer behavior, and delivering thoughtful recommendations about the business. The ideal candidate will be able to respectfully support, or challenge established preconceptions with thoughtfully researched proposals to mobilize teams toward our strategic goals for Windows devices. They should hold the integrity of the research process in high esteem, and serve as an objective research mind to deliver recommendations, even if they are at odds with the current state of the business. We are a small agile team with significant impact, and this role is the genesis of many long term device strategy decisions with broad impact. If this opportunity to think big and join a highly collaborative team breaking new ground within Windows Devices sounds interesting, we would like to hear from you! Job Responsibilities: •Partner closely with CMR counterparts (and 3rd party vendors) to design and execute research projects that address big picture business questions •Market insights &amp; analysis based on research and market trends •Market sizing &amp; opportunity analysis •Synthesize data from a variety of inputs into thoughtful, actionable recommendations •Help prioritize the impact &amp; roadmap of device categories over a multi-year roadmap •Manage relationship with 3rd party vendors, responsible for research and analysis •Evangelize research results and strategic insights, to bring clarity and seek better alignment across teams •Perform competitive assessments &amp; analyze what will be needed to win, and to defend against competitive threats Qualifications: •4+ years of experience managing products •4+ years of experience in in data analysis, research, or data insights •Undergraduate degree or higher with preference in marketing, business, or finance •Executive presence and professional maturity •Clear and persuasive oral and written presentation skills for communicating compelling messages to senior managers and external business partners. •Experience working with partners and providing great leadership and interaction with Microsoft •Able to manage ambiguity and have a results-driven mindset •Ability to quickly assess an opportunity´s potential, leveraging fact-based analyses and industry experience. •Experience with business problem solving using analysis &amp; research to drive conclusions. •Ability to create and present business plans, competitive analysis and strategy roadmaps with a proven track record required. •Self-starter and can-do attitude a must •Prior work with OEM or Silicon partners preferred. Experience with Windows and knowledge of Windows 10 a plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322230 1072897 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 