 Back to search results Prev Job 115 of 500 Next PROGRAM MANAGER II Are you looking for the product engineering role where you impact a billion customers and learn from them every day? Do you thrive in an entrepreneurial role that is able to leverage the best of what we know today with the opportunities we can drive for tomorrow? If you love working with other brilliant engineers on a diverse team and to connect across the company, you should definitely join us. Our team is responsible for delivering the best in industry solution for Big Data Analytics. We have an amazing solution impacting Windows and Xbox and WDG division, and are also working across the company broadly. We need you to bring your passion for analytics and ability to work across teams to help us deliver this value. As PM 2 for our Data &amp; Analytics (DnA) team, you will be a key member of our team building the data capabilities for WDG. This includes working across data science teams, core engineering, Universal Store, and the Dev Center teams. You will drive on some key customer promises and engage with the rest of our PM and Dev teams to deliver customer value. The ideal candidate for this critical role will have these skills and experiences: • 4 years of software development or program manager exp • 1+ years of data and analytics experience • 1+ years of using data to improve products/services for our customers • 1+ years of using machine learning PM skills - the combination of drive and passion with the ability to identify/overcome obstacles and keep a team on course to bring real value to our customers. A key success factor is cross-team connections and influence. Tech capacity - we work with code and engineers and data, be sure you love learning new tech and using it daily. Data passion - you will learn a ton about data and will see some of the magic of making data transform businesses. From this role you will gain new insights into Big Data, data-driven engineering, having fun, working with diverse people/groups/ideas, and you will learn from some of the best minds in the industry for data. You will discover our group has an immediate need for you in this role and career development path to learn and grow in new ways as well. If you read this far, you better apply because we are seeking passionate people like you. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321188 1070113 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 