 Back to search results Prev Job 145 of 500 Next Program Manager II Ready to take the next step in your career as a Product Manager? The Power BI team is on a mission to revolutionize analytics and empower everyone to transform their organization's data into visual content and insights. We develop a breadth of apps and tools to meet customers' needs, from a cloud-based analytics service, to an on-premises report server, to a desktop analytics tool for data analysts and data scientists, to mobile apps for insights on the go. Fortune 500 enterprises, small and medium-sized businesses, governments, non-profits, and organizations around the world run on Power BI. We're looking for a savvy PM to join our team-currently working on Power BI Report Server and SQL Server Reporting Services-and drive enhancements that make it easier for users to get started, connect to their organization's data, design beautiful dashboards and reports, share with their colleagues, and address their organizations' enterprise needs. If you're curious about the "data revolution" and "data culture," excited about opportunities to innovate and re-imagine, and passionate about product design and user experience, we want to talk to you. The ideal candidate will relish working in a startup-like environment on a close-knit team with a culture of collaborating, learning, and having fun along the way. You will Interact with customers to deeply understand their needs and elicit valuable feedback. Envision new features and prioritize investment of our resources to have the biggest impact on our customers and our business. Collaborate with our Design Studio to design delightful user experiences. Work with Engineering on the functional requirements and technical details. Partner with Marketing to communicate the value to customers. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or a technical area of study 1+ years' experience managing a software product in a Product/Program Manager role 1+ years? experience managing a product backlog and/or prioritizing features 1+ years? experience defining/writing user scenarios, functional requirements, and functional specifications Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with basic data concepts and/or working with data Familiarity with or experience using analytics or reporting software (Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Qlik, etc.) Experience designing user interfaces bapijobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 303851 1059528 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 