 Back to search results Prev Job 198 of 500 Next Program Manager Are you passionate about helping individuals and teams make better decisions? The Excel team is looking for a Program Manager to envision, build, and release creative new experiences that will transform how people work, allow users to understand their data better than ever, and make better decisions as a result. If you are seeking a team culture that’s casual yet high-energy, and grounded in real customer needs, this is a team for you. We are looking for a creative individual with an entrepreneurial spirit, coupled with excellent data analysis skills, to join the PM team. As you grow into the role, you will work with other PMs, engineers, designers, researchers, marketing, and customers to design, implement, and deliver end-to-end revolutionary scenarios in a dynamic, fun environment. If you are excited by the opportunity to work in a critical business area and build long-term value for Microsoft and its customers, then we want to hear from you! Who you are: You are passionate about creating new experiences that impact people’s lives. You think about the big picture and the small details. You put the user first. You care deeply about how people think, understand, and make decisions, and care about the role of data visualization as a part of this process. You have an inherent interest in how people analyze data and solve problems. You love working with a team built on business, experience, and technology principles and are eager to collaborate to find elegant but practical solutions to business challenges. You’re a clear and articulate communicator. You’re deliberate about your customer needs, and you love listening to and working with customers. You rely on feedback and real data to guide your decisions. You thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. You’re ready to take ownership of the product/experiences that are part of a complex, growing suite of products. Your responsibilities will include: - Working with creative and technical peers to develop plans, prototypes, and specs - Using customer research and telemetry to provide data-driven insights - Defining clear requirements and deliverables - Managing the overall project and releasing experiences to customers Basic Qualifications: - 2+ years experience with software development projects and data visualization Preferred Qualifications: - Experience with software development projects and data visualization - Proven track record of analytical thinking and teamwork - Demonstrated experience with data analysis and customer insights - Excellent leadership and communication skills (written, oral, and interpersonal) - Ability to deal with ambiguity and to identify, assess, and solve problems quickly Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321607 1071245 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 