 Back to search results Prev Job 309 of 500 Next Program Manager II The dominant search paradigm continues to evolve from helping people Finding More to Knowing and Doing More, becoming more of an assistive fabric than pure information retrieval. The new wave of bots, agents, and assistants require an intelligent semantic understanding of the user’s intent and a strong connection to the relevant knowledge and services to satisfy that intent. The Satori team builds and maintains the public knowledge graph that powers Bing, Cortana, Office, Xbox, Dynamics, and many other products inside and outside of Microsoft. Satori knows about billions of entities and tens of billions of attributes and actions from hundreds of billions of web documents and other sources. Beyond public data, we also attach meaning to previously siloed private data in users’ digital memory by connecting it to the world’s knowledge and businesses’ own knowledge graphs. This is connected to conversations through semantic intent and language models powered by our sibling teams in the Knowledge and Conversation org. Satori results show up in more than one in three queries on Bing, showing things like details on the latest music release, lists of popular mac and cheese recipes, or answering who invented the telescope. We are looking for a Program Manager II to help us build the graph to take us to the next level in Satori-powered Bing experiences. Our team, at its core, values individual creativity and passion and is a place where we expect every team member to continually grow both professionally and personally. We value people who can bring a diverse perspective to our product and where a program manager will not just influence the product direction but will also be hands on understanding how the product is built and used. We are building a team where diversity of thought and background is valued strongly, and where everyone is encouraged to come up with new ideas to make our customers’ lives better. Duties/Responsibilities: • Conduct hands-on analysis of current data quality and platform capabilities to develop a deep understanding of the graph’s quality and capabilities. • Leverage this understanding to drive improvements in quality and scale of the data we have in the graph. • Establish a close partnership with the development and data science teams to define and execute improvements to the platform and data to enable new and improved Bing scenarios. • Partner with the Bing experiences teams to develop and evangelize Satori-powered experiences based on deep understanding of our users’ needs as well as the competitive and industry landscapes. Basic Requirements: • B.S. in Computer Science • 3+ years of program management, product management, software development, and/or data science experience Preferred Requirement: • Advanced Degree (e.g. MBA, MS) • Experience with one or more of the following o Information retrieval and/or machine learning o Natural language processing o Semantic mark-up/extraction and ontology design o Conversational products (bots, assistants, etc.) o Big data, Web-scale, and online services • Strong verbal/written communication skills • Strong cross team collaboration • Good strategic thinking and customer empathy • Solid technical background • An analytical and inquisitive mindset • Demonstrated ability to deliver projects with customer delight and business Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324938 1074248 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 