 Back to search results Prev Job 360 of 500 Next Program Manager 2 We are looking for a rock star PM to drive democratization of right-time information enabling data driven decisions for OneDrive and SharePoint. Come be part of the team who is obsessed with data leveraging a petabyte scale platform transforming how engineering, business, and customers succeed. As a PM, you will be responsible for both the creation of new insights as well as a sustainable, scalable program for working with many partners with rapidly evolving requirements. You will work closely with business-critical partners across the Office organization to ensure the right insights are delivered. This role will own aligning OneDrive and SharePoint to the best platform options solving key Engineering scenarios in Service Health, Client Telemetry, and right-time Intelligence. To be successful in this role, you must be curious and willing to find patterns to solve large complex, cross-organizational opportunities in the data space. In addition, you will lead the creation of a cooperative learning trust across the individual teams, to define and implement best practices and tooling on how to best manage live service and modern analytics, and how they can be applied to drive Customer success. This is a role of continual learning and sharing with others as we all adopt the data mindset. Responsibilities: • Drive cross-org alignment and adoption for Microsoft wide data platform tooling and instrumentation patterns • Work directly with partner teams to develop service health + analytical best practices • Provide regular, timely reporting and performance monitoring to teams and key business stakeholders • Establish scalable, efficient, automated models for large scale data analyses both for Quality of Service and Analytics • Collaboration with partners, data modeling, and visualization teams to incorporate best practices • Recommend enhancements to existing data systems to drive quality and optimize for high speed, low latency reporting, and self-service analytics • Establish core measurements and methods that can be used across multiple features Skills &amp; Qualifications: • Demonstrated curiosity + passion for technology, services, and Customers • Excellent presentation/verbal/written communication skills to present technical and non-technical information clearly and concisely to individuals of different backgrounds, technical expertise, and levels of authority • Both technically deep and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within the organization, from engineers to executives • Able to be strategic, but also drive tactics and execution; willing to get your hands dirty and get the job done • Experience with demonstrated success in establishing a roadmap with high adoption • Strong analytical skills and an ability to present and communicate data trends, insights and recommendations • Experience driving business transformation / disruption in a digital / online domain • BA/BS or equivalent work experience About the Team: • In just a few years, Office365 has become a multi-billion-dollar business, winning the title of being the fastest growing product in Microsoft, with many fans in Enterprise and Small Business. As part of the Office 365 organization, we have taken SharePoint, the most popular collaboration platform and productivity suite in the world and made it a cloud service; giving businesses the functionality, reliability, and rapid innovation they need without the burden of IT infrastructure and support costs. • We are a team that loves big challenges. Every week we work on a broad set of technologies and problems to address real customer needs, differentiate our products and beat competition. • The cloud is transforming the way that businesses and people work, and Microsoft is betting big on collaboration in the cloud. You can play a critical role in making Microsoft successful. Microsoft is all in. Are you? Basic qualifications: 2+ years of management, leadership, and/or PM experience ODSP Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325368 1077698 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 