 Back to search results Prev Job 333 of 500 Next Sales Ops Program Mgr US Seller Assignment Sales Operations Program Manager The Business &amp; Sales Operations (BSO) group is the business center of excellence for cross-business execution performance, planning, and subsidiary operations. The team helps scale execution, drives clear business &amp; market insights that result in Microsoft achieving its business objectives. The Seller Assignment Sales Operations Program Manager (SOPM) role reports to the Sales Programs SOPM Manager responsible for leading, orchestrating and managing seller assignment processes across the US Subsidiary. The SOPM is a business partner and scales by leveraging and enhancing standard platforms and processes to. This role focuses on supporting the core sales &amp; business operational processes, tools, metrics and communications that affect operations. The successful candidate will drive a seamless collaboration within BSO, Sales Excellence, Finance, and WWIC partners. This means the Sales Operations Program Manager assists in the following areas, responsible for maximizing impact with customers and field. Primary Job Responsibilities: - Lead in sales transformation across the US by enabling Commercial Sales Models - Drive In year seller assignment operations to ensure AST is up to date across US commercial sales organization including reflecting new roles, new hires, and changes in seller roles - Plan and execute future year seller assignment operations and territory mapping and planning - Ensure governance and risk mitigation in support of US and WW policies - Assist revenue recognition for managed accounts including monthly, quarterly and FY closes - Support US Sales Group Hierarchy and Territory Mapping alignment - Enable local RoB and Sales Process Execution for seller assignment and territory mapping - Partner with HR, WWIC and GSMO HQ to manage seller taxonomy including titles and qualifiers - Land US Business Rules and processes including supporting escalations from Segment SOPM - Improve managed account data hygiene for key account attributes in partnership with broad vteam - Serve as US SME focused on process improvement with WW including HR, MSIT, M&amp;O, Finance, WWIC - Drive adoption and enhancement of key WW tools like CALC, MasterFile, etc? - Funnel seller feedback for iterative tool/reporting/process simplification and refinement - Focus on providing process optimization by understanding the desired business outcome for FY rollover - Deliver end-to-end deep data analysis &amp; ?light up? actionable strategic insights - Innovate to deliver standards which enables speed, efficiency and scale in the business Summary of Required Knowledge, Skills &amp; Abilities: - Bachelor?s degree in business, finance, computer science or engineering, and 3-5 years? experience is preferred - Deep understanding of Microsoft?s sales processes and strategies, tools, programs - Deep understanding of business management and analysis for Sales Orgs - Strong deadline orientation and ability to effectively prioritize and meet deadlines. - Advanced conceptual, analytical, and problem-solving abilities - Solid experience with data and providing insights using PowerBI, Excel, etc. - Ability to deal with ambiguity and changing business environment - Intellectual curiosity and solution oriented Education Bachelors degree (B.S./B.A) required and/or experience in relevant fields eg: business, marketing, information technology, operations, finance. Masters degree preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325253 1078218 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 