 Back to search results Prev Job 257 of 500 Next Sales Ops Program Mgr US Field Segment Sales Operations Program Manager The Business &amp; Sales Operations (BSO) group is the business center of excellence for cross-business execution performance, planning, and subsidiary operations. The team helps scale execution, drives clear business &amp; market insights that result in Microsoft achieving its business objectives. The Field Segment Sales Operations Program Manager (SOPM) role reports to the Segment SOPM Manager responsible for leading and orchestrating processes across their segment within the US Subsidiary. The SOPM is a business partner and scales by utilizing standard platforms and processes. This role focuses on supporting the core sales &amp; business operational processes, tools, metrics and communications that affect operations. This role is also responsible for partnering with finance team to plan and drive quota distribution process for assigned OU, along with maintenance throughout the fiscal year. The successful candidate will drive a seamless collaboration within the OU, HQ BSO team, Finance, and WWIC partners. This means the Sales Operations Program Manager assists in the following areas, responsible for maximizing impact with customers and field. Primary Job Responsibilities: Lead in Sales transformation across the Enterprise and EOU: ? Focus on providing process optimization by understanding the desired business outcome ? Deliver end-to-end deep data analysis &amp; ?light up? actionable strategic insights ? Innovate to deliver standards which enables speed, efficiency and scale in the business Partner with OU &amp; Sales Excellence lead to drive sales process enablement, insight and execution locally ? Support local RoB and Sales Process Execution - leads operational rhythms &amp; provides guidance on timeline and required actions. ? Land, complete, and ensure quality of annuity management and FastStart locally. ? Drive and land execution and operational excellence for Quota Distribution, Quota Maintenance, Revenue Disputes, Quota Audit, Territory Planning, Quota Tools etc. Assist SELs to accelerate GST landing and support locally ? Train salespeople on sales tools and process, Opportunity Management, forecast guidance, rhythm, expectations. ? Deliver detailed insight and data analysis packs, from Modern ROB tool to SEL for key Corp/Local ROB activities Leverage standard reports to improve local execution and sales discipline ? Drive adoption and usage of MSX insights as the standardized sales leader field reporting tool. ? Deliver insights through analytics to improve key pipeline metrics such as close rates, pipeline velocity. ? Support and provide insight into opportunity management and sales execution ? Identify Pipeline and Annuity opportunities and drive engagement Drive Pipeline and data hygiene: ? Lead and drive a culture of rigorous pipeline management in compliance with OU and WW standards. ? CRM contactability, PCIB, Consumption Plan etc hygiene ? Ensure AST, MAL up to date ? Support M&amp;A activities, international disputes. Funnel seller feedback for iterative tool/reporting/process simplification and refinement Summary of Required Knowledge, Skills &amp; Abilities: Bachelor?s degree in business, finance, computer science or engineering, and 2-3 years of highly relevant work experience is preferred Deep understanding of Microsoft?s sales processes and strategies, tools, programs Deep understanding of business management and analysis for Sales Orgs Strong deadline orientation and ability to effectively prioritize and meet deadlines. Advanced conceptual, analytical, and problem-solving abilities Solid experience with data and providing insights using PowerBI, Excel, etc. Ability to deal with ambiguity and changing business environment Intellectual curiosity and solution oriented Education Bachelors degree (B.S./B.A) required and/or experience in relevant fields eg: business, marketing, information technology, operations, finance. Masters degree preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321975 1072097 Locations United States, Chicago (IL) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 