 Back to search results Prev Job 301 of 500 Next Sales Insights Manager Microsoft is the destination for experienced, collaborative, and passionate digital advertising professionals seeking a rewarding career and lifestyle. We offer a compelling portfolio of advertising products, innovative solutions and the opportunity to engage with some of the brightest minds in the digital industry. Microsoft Search Advertising is a worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services organization on the cutting edge of the digital advertising industry. We are the engine that powers the buying and selling of digital advertising across all aspects of our digital portfolio including our high-growth search engine, Bing. Microsoft Search Advertising empowers the largest advertisers around the world to reach their maximum potential through paid search engine marketing on the Microsoft Bing Ads platform. We are seeking top performing Search Insights Managers who are passionate about data and search. The individual in this role will have strong analytical, problem solving and consultative skills to bring deep to customers in collaboration with the account team. Primary Responsibilities: • Participate in insights-focused customer meetings with the account team by contributing sophisticated analytics and insights data from multiple sources (e.g., vertical, competitive benchmarks, third-party data, etc.) that tell the best story for the customer and Microsoft. • Conduct complex analyses (as needed) requiring an advanced level of analytics to assist in removing performance and perception barriers. • Develop forecasting and marketplace insights for prioritized customers and/or new campaigns. • Support key campaign strategies with data visualization and insights highlighting the value of Bing Ads products. • Develop and demonstrate an expert-level understanding of the deeper data layer within the Bing Ads platform (insights-specific resources, metrics and the data that fuels those metrics). • Develop an expert level understanding of the search industry, including vertical/device/product trends, and share with customers and internal stakeholders. • Understand financial institutions/insurance companies marketing methods and how they leverage search. • Educate account team, in meaningful and easy to consume ways, on unique marketplace insights, vertical trends and competitive benchmarking in order to identify/highlight opportunities aligned to customer’s primary objectives. • Share best practices and encourage adoption of Insights self-service and one-to-many resources/tools. • Consult on optimal application of insights based on specific situation and, where appropriate, prepare account team partners for individual client engagement. • Proactively engage with internal teams to develop marketplace insights, proposals and scalable programs to drive satisfaction and revenue. • Work with key business partners to improve business intelligence and reporting capabilities that deliver insights and drive customer action. • Input voice of the customer (VOC) feedback directly into scalable intake process (if available) or channel VOC feedback to AM/AE and share relevant feedback to the larger IM community. Preferred Qualifications: • Strong track record of experience in data analytics and online media, preferably with experience in search, SEO or SEM • Strong analytical, data visualization, thought leadership, and consultative sale skills. • Demonstrated passion for data and technology and its use in driving revenue and customer satisfaction. • Experience with Account and Book of Business sales strategy to grow revenue and value generation. • Flexibility to accommodate change and thrive amid ambiguity • An understanding of the financial services and insurance industry • Exceptional written and verbal communication and presentation skills across all levels of the organization • Advanced Excel capabilities with the ability to manipulate large data sets. SQL, Power BI and Power View capabilities a plus • Infectious sense of enthusiasm, fun, and imagination associated with a group committed to developing the best search sales experiences in the world • An understanding of the financial services and insurance industry • 3-5 years in account management/client service/analytics role within online advertising (5 to 7 years preferred) • 2+ years in highly-quantitative role focusing on analysis and interpretation of data in search advertising • Bachelor’s degree required, Advanced degree (MA, MBA, PhD) preferred • Ability to travel 25-30% Basic Qualifications: • 3 years in account management/client service/analytics role within online advertising • Bachelor’s degree required Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. #BINGJOBS Job # 321852 1072113 Locations United States, New York (NY) Job families Sales Products and technologies Bing Teams Bing Bing. Join the team that brings less searching and more doing. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 