 Back to search results Prev Job 343 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Do you want to join a passionate team working with engineering, marketing &amp; sales to drive product usage &amp; revenue growth, with the opportunity to impact millions of people? The Microsoft Business Applications Group is looking for an experienced data professional for the Analytics &amp; Insights team in the Dynamics 365 Customer &amp; Partner Success team. Our team provides state-of-the-art customer, partner &amp; user analytics to support senior leadership, product development, finance, sales &amp; marketing. We also use data science to drive usage &amp; revenue growth through models for personalized recommendations, marketing automation &amp; lead scoring. Responsibilities: • Provide project leadership for the design &amp; development of reporting &amp; analytics solutions to support the business • Growth hacking usage &amp; revenue growth • Collaborate with sales on lead scoring using behavioral signals from product telemetry • Collaborate with marketing on targeted messaging by providing user segments &amp; behavioral signals • Build partnerships with analytics teams across Microsoft to share best practices. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelors, Masters or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics or Statistics • 5+ years of relevant work experience in data analytics and/or growth hacking • 5+ years of hands-on experience with data analysis and visualization tools and technology such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, Domo Preferred Qualifications: • Ability to translate business questions into analytics problems • Ability to lead analytics project teams to measurable business impact • Solid understanding of data analytics technology • Experience with Power BI, SQL, Big Data, Machine Learning, R, Python, Marketing Automation an asset • Passion for data and the desire to learn &amp; adopt new technologies • Comfortable dealing with ambiguity &amp; working independently • Ability to work collaboratively across multiple business &amp; engineering teams • A willingness to learn, share, &amp; improve. • Great written &amp; verbal communication skills Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323293 1074495 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families User experience (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 