 Back to search results Prev Job 131 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Are you Driven by Data? The Windows and Devices Group, Data and Analytics team is looking for highly motivated, result-oriented, and collaborative engineers who are willing to self-start, adapt fast and deliver with high quality. Our Software Engineers enable large scale solutions to collect data from millions &amp; millions of internet connected devices &amp; clients in a trustworthy way and process the data via our end to end data pipeline. Our team delivers the core scheduling and orchestration system behind the WDG Telemetry System and Data Platform. The system supports the transformation and analysis of enormous volumes of data logs into device, application and user intelligence leveraging the MapReduce platform Cosmos. We are leading the transformation for making data driven decisions throughout and beyond WDG. Our team utilizes various Microsoft technologies including WCF/REST, SQL, ASP.Net MVC/KendoUI, Cosmos/Scope API as well as other open source technologies. This is an opportunity for you to be on the leading edge of a data driven organization using big data analytics to impact a broad user base while benefiting from agile and rapid-deployment on managed services. You will be working with the latest technologies, building services in the cloud on a talented team which takes pride in being recognized for its obsession for its customers. Qualifications: 5+ years of relevant software/service design, development, and shipping experience. 3+ years in any of C#, SQL, .NET Framework, Web Services, HTML, JavaScript. 2+ years in Online Service development. 2+ years in a Big Data development environment. A technical degree in computer science or equivalent required, post-graduate degree a plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 282854 1036383 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 