 Back to search results Prev Job 320 of 500 Next Senior Content Developer Do you enjoy learning new cutting-edge technologies and then helping others learn it too? Do you love to play with data and data tools? Do you have experience and knowledge from a SQL DBA or DevOps role that you can leverage to help customers succeed? If yes, then consider joining our fun loving, hard-working team of content developers. We work on all the Microsoft big data, database, analytics, BI, machine learning services and products. What you will do? Develop a range of content, from tutorials to code examples, from videos to sample apps. Create content that helps customers quickly get up to speed using Microsoft technologies or helps them dive deep into hybrid environments that mix on-premises with cloud and / or Microsoft technologies with 3rd party and Open Source. To get there, you will work with engineering, customer support, and marketing teams to understand customer goals, needs and pain. You will use data about the product usage and content usage to prioritize the most important work. You can interact directly with customers to understand what they need as well as collaborate with them on content the entire world can see. Your contents sets will include contributions from others as well as your own. You will help focus everyone’s efforts in the right direction and ensure deliverables get out the door. On larger projects, you will manage the content plan and monitor progress while partners create most of the content. On smaller projects, you will own everything from plan to content creation to customer feedback. Repeat. You will continue to refine and improve your plans and your content through customer feedback, testing and keeping current with the ever-evolving technological landscape. You can use your skills and knowledge of working with data to create insights on what content and approaches to content are working well and those that need to be tuned up. Basic Qualifications: • A minimum of 5 years in a content development or engineering role • Experience using SQL and serving in a DBA type role. • Experience trouble shooting SQL Server security related issues. • Experience with complex data preparation tools and processes. Preferred Qualifications: • Strong written and verbal English communication skills • Proven project management, organization, and planning skills. • Experience working in GitHub Preferred Qualifications • Experience working in an agile scrum development environment. • Experience with Linux • Experience working in a DevOps engineering • Experience using R, Python. • Background as a software engineer. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323163 1074398 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Content publishing (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 