 Back to search results Prev Job 281 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer We are the Azure Big Data teams part of the C+E Azure organization. Azure Big data teams present interesting challenges in technologies such as big-data, cloud, storage and open-source. We build reliable, highly scalable and highly performing distributed systems for data analytics on Azure. We work with various open-source technologies like Hadoop, Yarn, Kubernetes, etc., and make contributions to these technologies. Azure is building next generation globally distributed, elastic scale, multi-model cloud data processing services. It is designed to enable developers to build planet-scale applications. This is once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of a very agile team, take on hard distributed system problems and ship high impact features at a rapid pace. As an engineer, you will have an opportunity to work on the latest technologies in compute and container hosting to build a massively scalable unified cloud service framework, get to work on heterogeneous transport protocols, apply innovative algorithms for solving placement and load balancing problems at scale. We are looking for experienced Senior Software Engineer who can think big, build large-scale distributed systems from ground up, and along the way, change the world. Do you want to change the world with big data? Do you want to solve challenging problems that you didn’t even think existed until you get to a large scale? Come join us on the Azure Big Data team! Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or industry software engineering experience • 5+ years of programming implementation experience to write bug-free code in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • Strong coding and problem-solving skills • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request Job # 325497 1078575 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 