 Back to search results Prev Job 352 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer The Microsoft Knowledge Graph Team will leverage the best talent and infrastructure to build an industry-leading Knowledge Graph that will deliver the world's knowledge to Bing.com and Microsoft’s internal and 3rd party customers. Success will be measured by correctness, coverage, and freshness of the data, and enablement of intelligent knowledge services and experiences. Our mission will only be accomplished through utilizing our advanced technologies to ensure knowledge data discovery and extraction, create a seamless onboarding and publishing experience, develop tools and pipelines for continual and automated coverage, correctness and freshness enrichment, and design a robust data management architecture. The Satori Knowledge Graph team in the Information Platform Group (IPG) is building a comprehensive knowledge graph and providing rich services to enable applications being built upon the graph. The team works on: - Extract, collect and select valuable information from data sources in public domains. - Curate, connect, and conflate the information to construct a semantic knowledge graph. - Provide a rich interface and services for application to consume and contribute to the graph. - Build a pipeline to process data at petabyte scale and perform complex operations within milliseconds The team employs machine learning and big data technologies to solve many challenges in building a large, densely connected, and high-quality knowledge graph. Required Skills: • 7+ Years of software development experience having shipped products in all stages of a release cycle • 3+ years of design skills (in scalable and high performance distributed systems. • BS in CS or related engineering degree • 7+ years of experience in C++/C#/Java skills Preferred Skills: • Master or equivalent experience a plus • Effective communication skill and skill to collaborate cross-group/cross-geo and work effectively within a team. • An agile mindset along with a passion for delivering high quality software on a rapid release cycle! • Strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, distributed systems. • Experience with search, information retrieval, semantic web, graph computation is strongly preferred. • Experience with large scale distributed processing, optimizing complex systems, machine learning and shipping online service based applications would be a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320535 1068844 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 