 Back to search results Prev Job 181 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Do you want to work on the latest and hottest technology trends? Do you want to be part of the next leap in how we use the information from the devices around us to unleash new business and consumer scenarios? Do you want to be part of the transformation of automobiles over the next decade? The Azure IoT Connected Car and Location Based Services team is looking for a highly technical Program Manager to build the next generation of location-based services for Microsoft Connected Vehicle Platform; Microsoft’s Azure cloud capabilities; and, Microsoft’s Azure enterprise, partner and developer ecosystems. Specifically, we’re looking for someone who can build requirements against customer scenarios that drive our innovation and investments in mapping data and infrastructure; communicate and collaborate with partner teams; and, define innovative, industry-changing location-based service features through disparate mapping data sets. Candidates must be flexible in your ability and desire to build products across map data, location data service and big data storage infrastructure, developer platform and user experience. You must be passionate about our customers! Experience designing or working with large scale data processing services outputting to downstream web services and applications is a significant advantage, especially if there are geospatial data aspects. Experience with Machine Learning, Computer Vision and/or Artificial Intelligence a plus. Previous experience working with GIS, mapping, or complex data processing systems and services also advantageous. Ability to impact &amp; influence teams with good technical acumen, ability to influence without authority and strong communication skills required. Basic Qualification: • Minimum B.S. in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent degree. Other requirements include: • 7 or more years of experience and demonstrated track record of leading development teams to ship quality data and/or data systems • Proven ability designing and shipping complex, technical software systems • Familiarity with various vehicle capabilities in connection with cloud computing and sensor fusion • Familiarity with Azure’s stack would be highly beneficial, but not required • Experience working in a fast-paced service-oriented release environment with specific experience developing project plans and managing releases on short cycles (Agile, Scrum) Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325348 1077892 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 