 Back to search results Prev Job 346 of 500 Next SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Nobody only has a single computing device any more, the very idea is preposterous. As time passes the number of devices per person is increasing and everyone expects their experiences, settings, and configurations to follow them across devices. We are the Stack Services team and we own the technology and services that power, among other things, the data protection, roaming, Universal and secure enterprise connectivity experiences. We use cloud services and cloud sync and transfer technologies to make people’s data instantly available across all their devices including e-mail, calendar and contacts synchronization, back-up and settings roaming across devices. We are looking for a senior software engineer to join the Data Protection and Roaming (DPR) team. The charter of the DPR team is: • To enable settings, configuration, and application data to follow users as they move from device to device so their experiences are cohesive across all their devices • To ensure that users can recover their data after hardware failures • To ensure that when users replace a device that their first experiences with the new device is already tailored to them, their data, and their preferences so they can begin to enjoy the new device right away. The ideal candidate is an experienced engineer who has a passion for sync and cloud technologies as well as being part of a high performing engineering team. As an engineer for this critical set of capabilities you will be working with a team of engineers to assure data on devices is always current and always reliable. You’re the kind of person where milliseconds matter and correctness and COGS is paramount. People live their lives and plan their days around what you do so you are determined to do it flawlessly. You will help develop the long-term vision and the robust, scalable and extensible architecture to achieve low latency perfection. You will be responsible for development, scheduling, validation and delivery of components and features. Previous experience with building scalable cloud services is a must as you will be building a new cloud service. You will have an opportunity to build a services culture on the team. You will coach and mentor junior members of the team and work with members of the team to deliver amazing results according to schedule with the highest quality. You demonstrate cross-group leadership skills by effectively working across teams and thrive in high pressure environments. Primary Job Responsibilities: • Write clean, well thought out code with an emphasis on quality, performance, simplicity, durability, scalability, and maintainability while also mentoring others to do the same. • Provide critical thinking, technical innovation, and attention to detail while serving as a trusted advisor in the team. • Execute on the team approach to Software Engineering by designing, coding, test automation, testing, debugging, building, and deploying. • Use telemetry to improve the features and improve satisfaction • Gain a deep understanding of Microsoft businesses and collaborate with multiple client partner teams to implement cohesive end-to-end experiences for our customers. Basic Qualifications: •7+ years of experience building and shipping high performance and scalable software Preferred Qualifications •Passion for iterative development, and ability to design for robustness, longevity, and extensibility across releases •BS or MS in Computer Science or 9+ years of software development experience •Expert development skills in C++/C# •Experience with COM and WinRT APIs •Design and development experience with distributed systems and operating systems •Previous design and development experience with scalable cloud services (e.g., bing, SQL Azure, Azure, ExO) •An interest in building new services and services culture in the Windows STACK Services team Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 288265 1050364 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Windows Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 