 Back to search results Prev Job 130 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer The Microsoft Big Data Analytics team is looking for a talented and motivated software developer to help design and implement the next generation of its data virtualization technology. The Big Data services form a core component of Microsoft's strategic bet on cloud-based data management and advanced analytics. We build massively distributed storage and compute services that run across many data centers on hundreds of thousands of servers with exabytes of data stored. The Big Data Analytics team is specifically responsible for batch, interactive, and streaming processing engines executing hundreds of thousands jobs daily with the largest jobs processing petabytes of data. You will be joining a small team of talented, highly committed developers, with a great pedigree. You will participate to the design, development, testing, release, and support of the data virtualization technology which allows the user to federate data from and distribute computation to a wide variety of heterogenous data source (engines, filesystems) and data types. Some of the many challenges include: top-to-bottom the stack integration, compute delegation during query optimization, request distribution during plan generation for efficient scale-out, unstructured data processing (natively or via coercion), metadata discovery and type system impedance matching, performance tuning (e.g. caching at multiple levels). This position offers a tremendous opportunity to learn and participate in the cutting-edge development in distributed data computations. The ideal candidate should be: excited about massively distributed systems, comfortable with evaluating the existing state of the art research, capable of designing novel complex algorithms, ready to debug performance across the whole stack, and open to uncompromising support of customer needs. The candidate needs to be highly self-motivated, disciplined, with extraordinary attention to detail, result-oriented, and capable of driving a project from beginning to end. Preferred Qualifications: • Intense curiosity and willingness to question • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers •Experience building high performance, scalable systems is preferred but not required Basic Qualifications: •B.S. degree in Computer Science or IT related discipline. •4+ years experience in design and development •4+ years experience coding in C# OR C++ OR Java Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 303828 1051829 Locations United States, Sunnyvale (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 