 Back to search results Prev Job 65 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist The Database Systems organization delivers world class relational database technologies used across the globe on everything from small devices, desktops, and servers, to some of the largest Cloud deployments in the world. Our growing portfolio includes both existing large contributors to Microsoft’s revenue, as well as important growth engines for Microsoft’s future – SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Database for MySQL/PostgreSQL, SQL in VMs, Azure Data Factory and more. To help our business to succeed in its ambitions, the Database Systems team is building up Business Analytics capabilities that allow us to track and improve customer experience, provide metrics around growth of existing and new offerings we are constantly developing, and want to apply Machine Learning techniques to predict, for example, churn, customer satisfaction, and cohort analysis, with the goal to drive customer growth. We are creating and maintaining data pipelines, Data Warehouses that allow us to analyze very large data sets that are emitted from our cluster telemetry, and relevant data from across the company. We won’t work in isolation but will leverage analytical work that has been done across the company. We are looking for a Data Scientist who is passionate about applying analytical skills and data science to help our various businesses growth. You will work with our Business Analytics PMs and our GPMs of the various businesses (such as Azure SQL DB, SQL-DW, etc.) across the organization to define the business problems that require (advanced) analytics. You will work with a team of engineers in the Business Analytics team to help to design, implement, and validate the analytical model to produce meaningful and actionable insights. You are a self-starter, and drive for real-world results, and help the team if the asks are ambiguous or experimental in nature. We expect all team members to contribute broadly, with an agile and growth mindset, so your ability to step into multiple areas will be a key attribute. You are able to lead by example, and you provide analytical leadership to the Business Analytics team and beyond. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Machine learning, Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Statistics or IT technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 3+ years of experience designing and implementing analytical models • 3+ years of Experience using a Data manipulation language Preferred Qualifications: • Proven ability to prototype analytical models in a widely accepted environment (R, python, etc.) • Experience with common ML and analysis tools (R, SAS, SPSS, MatLab) • Experience with NLP and large scale machine learning techniques • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers AZDAT-DATASCI Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check every two years. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325062 1077819 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 