 Back to search results Prev Job 6 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist The Core Data Science team of the Windows and Devices Group (WDG) is responsible for a broad range of data analysis, machine learning models, community graph models, and AI models all to help drive insights and services across the Windows ecosystem. We use comprehensive device telemetry, cross company services information and external data sources to improve the quality of experiences on our devices and services for PCs, Surfaces, tablets, Xbox, mobile devices, HoloLens, browsers, and apps. We pioneer new methods, data integrations, instrumentation and operational processes to lead the transformation of WDG into a truly data- driven engineering organization. Our team was founded at the beginning of the Windows 10 project to lead the way for the engineering team to adopt strong data and analytic skills as daily competencies. We have performed hundreds of analyses with concrete results for customers since then. We are a large, multi-disciplinary team of experts working on one of the largest and most varied data streams in the world with major impact to the Windows business. The team collaborates with the broader community of data and applied scientists across Microsoft and publishes our work across the company weekly and have multiple external research papers published. We are looking for a skilled Senior Data Scientist with a deep background in exploratory data analysis, statistics or machine learning to join our commercial segment workstream. This role is key to helping drive our cross division strategy for Windows as a Service along with Office 365 integration. The commercial segment drives the vast majority of Windows revenue and we deliver the insights to improve our products and drive that business forward. The ability to think rigorously, reason over complex data structures and build models to produce new insights are a bust. We hire people with a burning curiosity about everything, a track record of applying complex reasoning to technical problems and authentic desire to improve Microsoft’s product quality and customer outcomes. The team uses statistical analysis of data like regression analysis, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and more. Basic Qualifications: ● 5+ years of experience in data science, statistics or machine learning. Preferred Qualifications: ● Experience with machine learning, deep learning, anomaly detection, predictive analysis, text analysis, exploratory data analysis, and other areas of data science ● Experience performing data analysis including applying statistics ● Proficiency in Scope, SQL, C++, C#, .NET, Azure, Hadoop, Spark, Impala ● Proficiency using tools like Python, R, MATLAB, AMPL, SAS, and similar ● Degree in Computer Science, Advanced Mathematics, or similar field ● Experience with product and service telemetry systems ● Good working understanding of privacy and ethical concerns around customer data usage and governance. ● Strong communications skills, in particular written research results and effective presentations. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321849 1072037 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 