 Back to search results Prev Job 30 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Did you ever think that two pixels could result in millions of dollars of added revenue? Want to be at the forefront of Big Data? Want to command hundreds of thousands of machines and process terabytes - nay, petabytes - of data in minutes using your favorite programming language? Want to be part of an organization where the first question is always? What does the data tell us?? If so, come join the Application and Services Group’s (ASG) Analysis and Experimentation team. With new data sources and signals coming in daily, we need bright, intelligent people that can dive into the data, make sense of it, and use it to solve large-scale problems all around ASG and Microsoft. We are also the brains and analytical brawn behind the ASG Experimentation Platform, used by teams all across ASG and Microsoft. Job responsibilities include: - Handling large amounts of data using various tools, including your own. All programming languages welcome, especially R, Python, SQL, and C#. - Understanding the data generated by experiments, and producing actionable, trustworthy conclusions from them. - Taking complex problems and the associated data and giving the answers in a concise form to assist senior executives in making key business decisions. - Building data manipulation, processing, and visualization tools and sharing these tools and your knowledge across the team, ASG, and Microsoft. Qualifications: • 4+ years of experience working with large data sets • Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Statistics (PhD preferred) • Superior verbal, visual and written communication skills. • Fundamental knowledge in applied statistics and mathematics: p-values, confidence intervals, regression, classification, and optimization are core lingo. • A willingness to learn, share, and improve. A&amp;E Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320616 1062415 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 