 Back to search results Prev Job 251 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Are you an outstanding software engineer looking to tackle hard problems in the big data space? Are you interested in the challenges of building a large-scale, low latency data service to solve real world problems? Do you have significant interest in and/or experience with database systems and functional style programming? And love open source technologies? Then the WDG Core Data team could be the right place for you! The WDG Core Data Team is hiring for the Venice project - a data service to provide low latency and high concurrent access to WDG’s high dimensional data sets. Venice already has one large internal customer and is looking to expand. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work on distributed query engine, event pub/sub engine, and cluster fabric that make the service available in the face of machine failures. Your responsibilities will include design, implementation, testing, and operationalize the software stack with the aim of optimizing for scalability, reliability, robustness, usability, security, and performance. You’ll join a small team of strong seasoned developers with a passion for high performance and efficiency, providing lots of opportunity for growth and learning. Basic Qualifications: ● 5 years of software development experience Requirements: ● B.Sc. in Computer Science or related engineering discipline. M.S./Ph.D. in relevant domain a plus ● Strong domain knowledge in at least one of the following areas: Distributed systems, Concurrency control, High availability, File systems, Message queue, Cloud storage systems. ● Professional development experience in Java, Scala, Clojure, C#, Go, or C++/C ● Hands-on experiences in one or more of these open source projects preferred: Zookeeper, Kafka, PostgreSQL, Presto, RocksDB, Kubernetes, Consul Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320805 1069964 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 