 Back to search results Prev Job 221 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Core Services Engineering builds and manages the critical products and services that Microsoft runs on. We boldly pursue big ideas that power transformational advances at Microsoft and for our customers, while helping Microsoft teams work smarter, faster and more securely every day. Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions. We are engineers, technology leaders and experts, digital transformation change agents, and customer advocates. We have exciting opportunities for you to innovate, influence, transform, inspire and grow within our organization and we encourage you to apply to learn more! Be part of a strong team that influences Microsoft Services and products. The Digital Security and Risk Engineering (DSRE) organization within Core Services Engineering and Operations (CSEO) has a passion for enabling Microsoft users and businesses securely with the latest technology. We are looking for a seasoned Program Manager to lead efforts in the Security Domain, responsible for delivering solutions across multiple areas in DSRE Data &amp; Tools Team. DSRE Data Platform team is responsible for building out a first-class Enterprise Big-Data storage and analytics Platform for all of Core Services Engineering and Operations Security at Microsoft. We are a relatively new team and we are growing fast! We are developing the engine that gathers, stores, processes and powers the security data, create and maintain tools to analyze line of business applications for security vulnerabilities. Data Platform Team closely works with Data Intelligence, who analyzing and disseminating intelligence products and capabilities for Security Domain, with Security Tools Team, who build run-time protection tools to prevent or detect security vulnerabilities, supporting Identity Management, Security Assessment, User Access and other areas requested by the business. We are looking for talented customer-focused Developers and PMs who are passionate about Big-Data, Information Security, and Cloud. If you want to use the latest offerings from Azure while being part of the growing Information Security and Big Data fields, this job is for you. As a Program Manager in the DSRE Data Platform team, you will drive vision, strategy, and customer insight to define and deliver solutions, making sure that Data Engineers can productively develop apps that provide users with a great, consistent experience, Data Scientist and Analytics can perform their roles efficiently. This role requires cross-organization collaboration playing a key role in interfacing with stakeholders identifying the needs and transforming them into functional design for software engineering development. This includes end-to-end planning, designing, scoping, managing and delivering key capabilities. This is an individual contributor position where leadership and communication skills are vital. There is a good deal of coordination between teams required to establish the right set of features, enhancements and exit criteria. You should have a strong analytical mind with strong design skills coupled with customer empathy. A technical background in Security space as well as Data Analytics are beneficial for this job. Core Job Responsibilities: • Work closely with customers to identify clear business scenarios. • Deep passion for satisfying customer needs and achieving high user and business partner satisfaction, influencing decisions for the right solutions and balancing priorities across customer, business and technical needs. • Exercise independent judgment within broadly defined practices/policies in selecting methods/techniques for obtaining solutions. • Strong analytical skills, vision and the ability to turn ideas into products. • Work with HDInsight, Power BI, Azure Data Lake and other Data tools. • Work cross-team to establish and achieve common goals; influence without power authority. • Excellent communication and presentation skills. Qualifications: • 8-10 years of work experience as a Program, Product, or Project Manager. • 8+ years of proven record of accomplishment of successful results-oriented and solution delivery. • 8+ years of proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software solutions. • 6+ years of strong computer science foundation work. • 5+ year of working experience or background in Security related technologies is beneficial. • 5+ years of working experience or background in Data Analytics, Data Reporting and Data Science related technologies - good to have. • 5+ years of experience with big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, ADLS, Cosmos, etc.) - good to have. • Able to work independently with minimal supervision. Must be a team player. • Self-starter who can manage multiple projects simultaneously and effectively drive to completion. Outstanding problem- solving skills and passion to solve hard problems. • Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related discipline. Preferred, but not required: • Expertise in SQL and Data Analysis • Expertise in Security Domain • Ability to converse engineer business rules through reading code • Experience with n-tier architecture, web security, SQL Server, HDInsight, Hadoop, ADLS #DSRE Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. . Job # 322540 1073175 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Core Services Engineering Teams Core Services Engineering Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 