 Back to search results Prev Job 232 of 500 Next Senior Applied Researcher The Internet is a dangerous place. Keeping our customers and services safe from abuse requires passion, dedication and ingenuity. Our team takes big data, adds some machine learning and a healthy sprinkling of creativity to find villains and protect our customers from abuse. Come join the fight! We’re looking for a senior researcher to join our applied research team. This team’s charter identifies and researches abuse and security problems before they impact our customers at scale; explores groundbreaking techniques and provides insights that influences our team’s product roadmaps, and continuously pushes the envelope to bring innovated technologies in the area of machine learning to better combat abuse and security related problems. We need you to lead our work, protecting customers from unwanted, unwelcome, and downright unwholesome content and software, no matter how it gets to them. You’ll need to develop intelligence about the bad guys’ behavior and their infrastructure, propose strategies and systems to detect and block them, and then lead the execution. By working with teams across the broader group, your work will impact over ½ billion Microsoft customers. You’ll need the right balance of passion, customer empathy, technical depth, and partnering skills. If you enjoy being on the cutting edge of applied security research, come join us! We need someone who is customer security obsessed and deep knowledge on security and abuse problems, has excellent technical and strategic communication skills, and enjoys collaboration with global and diverse teams Basic qualifications: •Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related technical field OR 10+ years of research, security, or data analysis experience Preferred Qualifications: •Strong data science background; experienced in supervised and unsupervised machine learning, online learning, graph theory, and game theory. •A healthy appetite for digging into data and collaborating with researchers and data analysts to identify behavior patterns and develop the right mitigation strategies. •Experience with large scale data systems, such as Hadoop. •Strong research skills, data knowledge, and ability to analyze and present complex data visually in a meaningful way. •Proven partner engagement and cross-team collaboration skills •Excellent oral and written communication Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 289492 1053567 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 