 Back to search results Prev Job 111 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Core Services Engineering builds and manages the critical products and services that Microsoft runs on. We boldly pursue big ideas that power transformational advances at Microsoft and for our customers, while helping Microsoft teams work smarter, faster and more securely every day. Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions. We are engineers, technology leaders and experts, digital transformation change agents, and customer advocates. We have exciting opportunities for you to innovate, influence, transform, inspire and grow within our organization and we encourage you to apply to learn more! Do you believe that data can power Microsoft’s growth? Do you wake up thinking how to engender a Data Culture at Microsoft? Do you want to drive better customer &amp; partner experiences through connected enterprise data? If these big expectations appeal to you, then read on. Enterprise Data Services (EDS) is a division within Core Services Engineering responsible for the Enterprise Data Strategy. Our goal is to accelerate Microsoft’s ability to unlock business value for our customers, partners, and employees through enabling connected, trusted enterprise data. EDS’s offerings will enable both internal and externally facing solutions, ranging from online experiences all the way to predictive analytics. EDS is seeking a strong program manager to join our Data Quality and Data Diagnostics team responsible for creating the tools, methodologies, and training required to enable Data Management success across Microsoft. Core to this chart is working with teams across the company to find the root cause of data quality/data management issues, and partnering with them to address these issues in a systemic, lasting way. The successful candidate will leverage their previous data management expertise to build out repeatable tools, training, and methodologies that the whole company can use to accelerate Microsoft’s overall Data Management maturity. Understanding the discipline of data management is a must, as well as experience in change management. The best candidate will have direct experience having implemented data management practices at Microsoft and/or peer companies. Moreover, the ability to partner and influence other business leaders, change teams, architects, and engineering teams is core requirement. Clear demonstration of having navigated a complex, highly matrixed organization is highly desired. Qualifications and experience include: • 10 years of industry experience with systems and process • 3+ years as a Six Sigma black belt • 3+ years of industry experience performing or driving Data Management practices, such as those from DAMA or SEI’s Data Management Maturity Model (DMM) • Proven experience with complex data management issues • Ability to lead with business value and clearly measure and articulate business impact • Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills • Strong cross-group collaboration skills • Effective in presenting to executive stakeholders with a flair for story telling • Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems (or related study), Finance, or Engineering preferred. • CDMP, DAMA, or SEI DMM certified professionals preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321678 1072043 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Core Services Engineering Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 