 Back to search results Prev Job 240 of 500 Next SENIOR DESIGNER Our team is looking for an experienced, motivated, and passionate Visual Data Designer to give life to data analysis and analytics for Microsoft. The person in this role will own envisioning insights from big data sets that are refined, inspired, precise, actionable and sometimes, even magical. Windows, the most popular computer operating system in the world, generates both quantitative and qualitative signals, including crashes and customer-initiated feedback, that are monitored by thousands of engineers every day. Our engineering teams use the insights from these signals to understand the health of the Windows ecosystem and the quality of our customers; experiences in various settings and environments, and to inform decisions and actions that improve those experiences. The best candidate will be a strong visual designer with a solid background in interactive design AND big data analysis and visualization, who can create interactive data vis prototypes independently. In the Visual Data Designer role, you will seek to understand the questions before you find the best way to communicate insights about the answers. You will participate in complex workflows, end-to-end, to find insights in the data and create a story about what our customers are experiencing. You will tackle convoluted tasks and transform them into natural flows driven by intuition and experience. You will collaborate and work side by side with Engineers, Data Scientists, Program Managers, and other Designers, through all stages of the process - from brainstorming and formulating hypotheses, to UX research to creating wireframes and flows, to building functional prototypes. Please include URLs to your online portfolio in addition to your resume. Resumes without a portfolio will not be considered. Basic Qualifications: ● 5+ years of software development/design experience. Requirements: ● Deep understanding of data visualization best practices ● Ability to build functional prototypes independently ● An online portfolio and examples of work showcasing the above ● Capable of reducing complex concepts into understandable, actionable tasks ● Experience with R, Python, SQL, C#, or other comparable technologies that power web based visualization solutions, familiarity with full stack design ● A strong interest in design, technology and trends, with an eye toward the future ● Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills ● Passion for invention, human computer interaction, and seamless user experiences Bonus Qualifications: ● Comfortable coding interactive prototypes on the front end using JSON, REACT, Angular or Typescript ● Experience with Hadoop, Spark indexing or other big data frameworks ● ML modeling ● Predictive analytics and leveraging AI for automatic insights ● Video editing and production Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320394 1069185 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 