 Back to search results Prev Job 22 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Do you get excited about gaining new insights &amp; business intelligence based on data? Are you passionate about working with Big Data to solve critical business problems? Welcome to the Windows Active Defense team, which protects hundreds of millions of customers from malware and other malicious software every day through consumer &amp; enterprise protection products in addition to protection integrated into the Windows operating system. The team is heavily investing in data science to disrupt the malware ecosystem. We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to help the organization on achieve its business objective. In this role you will have significant impact on business and customers through working with our engineering and research teams to help improve Defender and smart screen protection levels against malware, URL and App reputation - overall protecting the Windows ecosystem. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of experience in Data Scientist or Data Modeling role Requirements: • Advanced degree in quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, computer science, or engineering with an emphasis on statistical analysis methods • Expertise in predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining algorithms (clustering, regression, multivariate testing, classification) is a big plus • Expertise with statistical software packages like R, MatLab, NumPy, SciPy, or SAS is a nice to have • Understand data/ instrumentation needs and/or mine through data to unearth deep insights • Proven capability to deliver end-to-end analyses by asking the right questions, extracting data, building predictive models, and making results actionable. • Excellent communication &amp; interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate their ideas, insights and complicated analysis effectively. • Proven track record of problem solving and using experiment driven approaches • Experience with large scale distributed databases and computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, or HDInsight • Advanced knowledge of Excel (pivot tables, data connections, statistical functions, etc.) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325934 1079061 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 