 Back to search results Prev Job 109 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer If you like challenges and want to learn and practice how to develop advanced big data solutions/techniques that scale to hundreds of Terabyte data and then tens of Petabyte data, in both streaming and batch mode, this is your ideal opportunity. We deal with this scale of data every day. The Microsoft AIDI (Artificial Intelligence and Data Infrastructure) team is hiring extremely talented, highly motivated and productive Software Development Engineer, working on building the data solutions, service and platforms to manage Petabytes of comprehensive real data. Data is critical to the success of modern software products and services, and our techniques and systems are the key part of the data foundation of AIDI. The AIDI team builds the infrastructure and rich data sets to make engineering and product development data driven across Bing and Office 365. It enables scenarios ranging from product telemetry and user analytics to machine learning on user activity on Bing, Bing Ads and a wide range of Office products in near real time. The team is pushing the boundaries of streaming data collection and processing handling over a trillion events per day from 100’s of millions of users and devices, leveraging open source including Apache Kafka and Spark in a big way. Passion, persistence and the right opportunity is all it takes to do the impossible. Join us if you want to be a part of the data revolution. We are looking for a passionate, results-oriented, innovative software engineer in our Bellevue office to power this growth. Job Responsibilities: • Architectural design and development of a very large scale and high-quality data platform with easy to use APIs. This covers all kinds of web usage data. • Make the platforms and systems highly efficient in term of both its execution and the consumption of the data it generates. • Be part of the team on developing the systems for high stability, fast development, low development cost, and low maintenance cost. • Understand our data and how it gets used by our users. Use this understanding to drive the Data Mining system design, drive data instrumentation design improvements, and educate users for proper and effective data consumption. • Work very closely with the COSMOS team, Shared Data Platform team to deeply understand cloud computing techniques. • Use this understanding to guide the design and development of our data foundation. • Provide feature requirements to the COSMOS team and Shared Data Platform team based on Data Mining development needs. • Act as an expert in some areas of large scale system architecture and development or data mining. Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years software design and development skills/experience • Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical areas Preferred Skills: • Knowledge in .NET, C#, C++, SQL, and Windows • Analytical skills and experience preferred • Ability to drive technical investigations and prototyping in a fast-paced startup environment • Experience with test driven software design/development is a plus • Good communication skills, both verbal and written • Passionate, self-motivated Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com xAIDIx Job # 325068 1078154 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 