 Back to search results Prev Job 172 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics and technology? The Office Data &amp; Insights Team is responsible for bringing together all the Data and Analytics used by the Office Marketing Organization. We enable everything from relationship marketing to business and field health metrics for the entire Office 365 business. The customers for our score cards and analytics include the Senior Leadership Team The data engineering team is looking for a passionate, creative and analytical architect to drive the next wave of data and BI engineering investments. You will be responsible for taking our data pipelines to the next level. Currently we are a mix of Cosmos, SQL, SSAS and PowerBI. We need to support scenarios where we can build and iterate our models more rapidly, process and respond to customer activity in real time and whether that means Spark or ADL in the public cloud is something for you to figure out. In addition we are looking at HCI scenarios like building a NLP interface over our data sets so that a bot can respond to detailed questions about business health etc. Think Cortana meets PowerBI Requirements • A “can-do” attitude • Deep knowledge of BI systems design Big Data (Hadoop, Hive, HD Insights or Spark), ADL • Experience with SQL and No-SQL systems • 6 – 8 years of experience in one or more high level languages (C#, C++, Java) and web services • Experience with visualization technologies like PowerBI is a plus • A BS degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience • Excellent communication skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. #OfficeMktg Job # 289127 1053578 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 