 Back to search results Prev Job 222 of 500 Next Senior Business Insights Manager, Strategy and Predictive Analytics Are you interested in working for one of the most exciting Data Science teams at Microsoft and unlocking tangible value for our Worldwide Commercial Business, sellers and customers? The digital shift is changing industries and reinventing how commercial businesses work and deliver value to their customers. Microsoft is positioned to help every customer embrace the digital revolution, with the breadth of our portfolio from devices to cloud services, and breakthrough innovation from mixed reality to artificial intelligence. The Worldwide Commercial Strategy and Business Analytics team leads our commercial strategy work and delivers valuable predictive analytics to the Microsoft Sales Teams to rapidly identify and seize opportunities, optimize seller efficiency, grow new business and increase usage and consumption with customers. Culture and values: The Advanced Behavior and analytics team strives to: - Hire and nurture the best people through a culture of passion, creativity, diversity, learning, and respect. - Advocate good citizenship and supports the freedom to actively pursue suggestions, ideas, and creative approaches, leading to continuous improvement and excellence in everything we do. The WW Commercial Business Data Scientist will be part of the exciting new Advanced Behavior and analytics team and will be instrumental in working with various sources of business and behavioral data to develop Machine Learning algorithms and models focused primarily on enabling the Microsoft sales force (sellers and partners) in: - Account/customer optimization - Opportunity probability - Sales force effectiveness - Sales force optimization The WW Commercial Business Senior Data Scientist will be instrumental in building and growing the data science team and play a leading role in implementing exciting Predictive Analytics projects that profoundly reinvent the WW Commercial Business for Microsoft. The role has a unique mix of hands-on responsibilities as well as the opportunity to engage with leadership to help define our strategic direction. The successful candidate will have experience in building machine learning models driving predictive analytics from a wide range of datasets. We are looking for people who see challenges as opportunities, people who can look at complex problems and are able to provide actionable insights and informed decisions using advanced analytics, machine learning and statistics. Responsibilities: - Implement and benchmark scalable, efficient learning algorithms and continuously improve them - Drive sound architecture, design, and implementation; - Conduct technical investigations and prototyping in a fast-paced environment - Mentor and provide technical coaching to a growing team of data scientists - Partner with Predictive Analytics Strategy and Business Managers to understand the business needs and provide ML expertise, build operational predictive analytics models that deliver insights and recommendations with measurable business impact. - Develop, test, and validate data Models - Implement scalable, efficient machine learning algorithms and continuously improve them. - Partner on deep dives into data to find key insights that impact the business and surface actionable recommendations. - Collaborate, leverage and partner with existing data science resources and capabilities across Microsoft to help prioritize and optimize resources, projects while sharing best practices. - Provide strong data science capabilities: Ownership and leadership of niche targeted models, Agility and flexibility to deliver small, fast turnaround analytics, and Incubation environment to test models prior to hand off to other data scientist teams - Leverage and showcase the latest and best Microsoft technology. Qualifications: • 5+ years’ experience in business analytics or business program management • Bachelor's Degree in mathematics, statistics, or engineering/technology with an emphasis on statistical analysis • Proficiency in SQL, Pig, Hive, R, Python, or other statistics/ML tools. Experience in C#,C++ is a strong plus • Expertise in predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining/machine learning algorithms and techniques (clustering, regression, multivariate testing, classification) • Experience working with non-relational databases/NoSQL, neural networks, deep learning techniques a plus • Experience working with unstructured and structured data with a solid understanding of Big data solutions (Azure stack preferred - Azure Machine Learning, Spark, HD Insight, Microsoft R server) • Excellent communications &amp; interpersonal skills. • Ability to communicate complicated analysis &amp; insights to non-technical audience Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325777 1078734 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Business programs &amp; operations Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 