 Back to search results Prev Job 268 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer The Xbox team works with a plethora of data and is the largest single publisher of titles to the Xbox One. This requires a significant amount of data transformation. In addition to working with data owned by other teams, we also generate large data sets of our own. This data helps us understand the overall behavior of a title, such as how it runs on different machine configurations over time. We need a motivated, talented, and experienced senior engineer to help analyze, transform, and move data spanning numerous data repositories. You will also be responsible for working with numerous teams around the company who provide or consume our data. You will also be working with an exceptional team of engineers from the junior to the most senior. Candidate Responsibilities: • Design, develop and maintain infrastructure tools and supporting technologies • New features should be released on time with high quality • Unit tests, design, and development must be part of the process • Work with your peers, team leaders, and partner teams to design solutions; participate in code and design reviews for yours and other projects • Be a mentor and influence junior members of your team, helping them follow best practices, resolving problems and driving them in the adoption of new technologies • Work with the Program Management team to define the project requirements and then to validate the developed solution • Drive for results; balanced with passion for our customers, quality, and business needs Candidate Requirements: • 5+ years of software development experience • The ability to work with ambiguity and deliver in a fast-past environment • Good analytical &amp; problem-solving skills. • Experience with managed-code development including C#, familiarity with C++ is a plus • Experience in Relational, NoSQL and/or Big Data storage systems and patterns (i.e. SQL Server, Azure SQLDB, CosmosDB, Object Storage) • Experience with database query languages such as T-SQL • The ability to code and debug across a wide range of technology stacks • Outstanding technical problem solving and debugging ability • BS in computer science or other engineering disciplines Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324600 1077255 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Xbox Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 