 Back to search results Prev Job 155 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Dynamics 365 User Analytics and Growth Hacking Do you want to be part of a passionate team that is transforming data into insights, working across engineering, marketing and sales teams to drive usage and revenue growth, based on telemetry and data science with the opportunity to impact millions of people? The Microsoft Business Applications Group is looking for an experienced software engineer for the Analytics and Insights team in the Dynamics 365 Customer and Partner Success team. Our team was established to provide state-of-the-art customer, partner and user analytics to drive decision, product usage and revenues. Our team owns production services like Net Promoter Score and Recommendation pipelines for multiple Microsoft marketplaces. We also support senior leadership, product development, finance, sales and marketing with analysis, insights and reporting. We use data science to drive usage and revenue growth through machine learning models for personalized recommendations, marketing automation and lead scoring. You will join a team of great, supportive, passionate and learning culture with some of the highest WHI scores at Microsoft. You will also get an opportunity to work along with several data scientist and learn this amazing field. Your responsibilities Lead the design and development of analytics and growth hacking solutions Build aggregates and data insights data pipelines Work with data scientist come up with new actionable insights that improve the customers experience Build web front ends to display data and insights and develop customer facing campaigns Basic Qualifications: 5 years of experience as software \ data engineer 2 years of bug data experience like Cosmos, Hadoop, Azure data lake, etc. 2 years of telemetry and data analytics technologies: Power BI, SQL, Cosmos, Kusto, Azure ML, R, or Python Preferred qualifications: 2 years of relevant work experience in data analytics and/or growth hacking Any Experience in any web front end development like MVC, JS, node, typescript etc. Technical aptitude and hands-on experience with data analysis and visualization tools and technology Passion for data and the desire to learn and adopt new technologies and analysis methodologies Enjoy discovering and solving problems Comfortable dealing with ambiguity and working independently Ability to work collaboratively across multiple business and engineering teams Willingness to learn, share, and improve Great written and verbal communication skills BAGJobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325040 1076598 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families User experience (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 