 Back to search results Prev Job 82 of 500 Next Senior Data Analyst Join the excitement of being a part of one of the fastest growing services at Microsoft – Office 365! Do you love data, and have a creative side? Do you love big challenges? If you excel in data analysis, data visualization, and story-telling and want to influence the future of marketing at Microsoft, then this position is for you. This is a very visible role driving and optimizing our lead scoring models, lead routing, and account prioritization. The scope also includes development of KPIs, measurement, and extensive stakeholder engagement. You will collaborate closely with and leverage efforts of data scientists, area field leads, channel managers, and other members of the Global Demand Center analytics team. You are driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. To be successful in this role, you must have strong skills in written and oral communications, be organized, adept at navigating complex organizations, possess a can-do attitude, drive consensus, and tackle hard problems in innovative ways. Key Responsibilities: • Develop a framework and roadmap for lead scoring and account scoring to prioritize demand generation activities of Marketing Automation Qualified Leads (MAQLs) including contributing to the evolution of predictive models • Define, track, and report key metrics to measure lead generation effectiveness and impact to multiple sales channels • Provide ongoing analyses to assess customer buyer persona and buyer journey signals and factors • Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques • Contribute to and participate in monthly business performance and quarterly business performance reviews providing key results and insights for corporate and regional reviews • Connect findings and recommendations to business initiatives and collaborate with key stakeholders at various management levels • Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers at various management levels using a collection of dashboards, reports, and presentations Requirements: • 5-10 years’ business or marketing analytics experience with proven quantitative orientation • Subject matter expertise in demand generation marketing, lead scoring models, Sirius Decision marketing lead generation frameworks and measurement • Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills, familiarity with Power Bi, SQL • Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner • Ability to succeed in a matrix environment and influence adoption of new thinking • Excellent verbal, written and presentational skills with a focus on tangible, measurable recommendations. • BS/BA in technical degree preferred • MBA preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. #OfficeMktg Job # 287902 1052129 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 