 Back to search results Prev Job 166 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Intelligent Cloud / Intelligent Edge strategy. This is a massive shift that will play out in the years to come. The currency of this platform shift is all about data, Data has gravity. Computational power will move to it. There needs to be a fundamental change in the inner and the outer loop of what we as developers do. Continuous integration and continuous deployment is going to change. That is where things like microservices, containers are playing a massive role in the outer loop. The Data Science Tools team builds inner and outer loop tooling for Data Scientists - the highly skilled people that are in high demand across all of our Azure customers; Glassdoor ranks Data Scientist as the #1 job in America for 2017. The two most popular programming languages for Data Scientists are Python &amp; R and our rapidly growing team builds tools for both Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code. We also build browser-based tooling for Data Scientists through our hosted Azure Notebook service &amp; with over 20,000 registered users who write and run Python and R code on Azure without needing to install anything on their computer. We are looking for a great Software Developer with a visible (please send pointers to repositories in your GitHub account) track record of building extensions for Visual Studio Code. We are also interested if you have a track record of building tooling for other IDE platforms as well. You will be responsible for creating engaging cross-platform IDE experiences for Python and R on top of Visual Studio Code, that drives additional usage of Azure. You will be working with cutting edge Open Source JavaScript/Typescript UI technologies such as React, cross platform .NET, as well as containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes. You will have great opportunities for cross-team collaborations with teams across Azure to build tooling that makes their services shine. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years development, engineering or technical design experience • 3+ years’ experience in Python OR R OR JavaScript OR TypeScript • BS in computer science or related field Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 287469 1051497 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 