 Back to search results Prev Job 152 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Do you want to build a next-generation data access layer that is not tied to the tabular representations of the 20th century? The Mashup Engine is a data platform designed to work with a wide variety of structured and unstructured data. User queries are expressed in a functional dynamic query language known as “M”. Unlike SQL, M is composable and not explicitly tied to tabular data. Our platform is used to power data access inside Excel, Power Query, Power BI, PowerApps and LogicApps. It is deployed both to user’s machines and to multitenant cloud services. Our users range from relatively data-unsophisticated all the way to BI professionals. In conjunction with the Power Query user interface, we enable a degree of self-service for information workers that was hard to imagine just a few years ago. We are looking for Software Engineers who are excited about data and about building out an ecosystem to support third-party data providers. You will have the opportunity to work with a wide variety of data sources and technologies and a small but dedicated team that is committed to our vision of a universal data access layer. Primary responsibilities include: Building out our platform, including opening it up for third parties Building new data connectors and maintaining existing ones Basic Qualifications: - 5+ years of C#, Java or C++ software engineering experience - 2+ years of experience with at least one data access technology such as SQL, ODBC, OLEDB, OData, REST - BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering Preferred Qualifications: - 5+ years of product development experience - Experience building platform-level components Familiarity with standard compilation technologies like - syntax trees and expression trees - Familiarity with the cloud deployment environment BAGjobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306517 1064877 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 