 Back to search results Prev Job 44 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist The Microsoft Knowledge Graph team in the Artificial Intelligence Core Group (AI Core) is building an industry-leading knowledge graph and providing rich services to enable applications being built upon the graph. The team works on: • Discover, extract, collect and select valuable information from data sources in public and enterprise domains. • Curate, connect, and conflate the information to construct a large and densely connected entity knowledge graph. • Apply data quality, cleaning and semantic inference techniques to maintain high data quality. • Use machine learning and data engineering technologies to automatically discover and construct entities and facts from semi-structured and unstructured data. • Provide a rich interface for applications to consume the graph. We are looking for a machine learning and data engineer/scientist to join this strategic and challenging effort. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ Years of industry design and development experiences in C#/C++/Java. • Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or a related field. • 5+ years experiences with Machine Learning, Semantic Web, Knowledge Graph and Data Science, and Natural Language Processing. Preferred Qualifications: • PhD preferred • Experiences with Search Engine technologies. • Knowledge in Information Extraction, Semantic Web, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural language processing, and Statistics. Graduate degrees in those areas preferred. • Experiences with designing and building efficient and scalable solutions for big data, especially on data quality and cleaning. • Ability to learn and grasp concepts quickly in a fast-paced environment. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320440 1068847 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 