 Back to search results Prev Job 120 of 500 Next Senior Product Marketing Manager Do you have a passion for marketing innovative technologies, have strong product marketing and business skills, and want to join a critical, innovative and fast-growing business at Microsoft? Do you want to help drive the industry conversation around SaaS, data and cloud and drive adoption of new technologies to ISV (Independent Software Vendors) partners? Do you love thinking big and making an impact at scale? If so, then the Data Platform Product Marketing team has an opportunity for you. The Data Platform Product Marketing team is looking for a rock star product marketer to accelerate growth of ISVs to build and modernize their applications on Microsoft’s Data Platform technologies. This is an end-to-end product marketing role that requires strategic thinking, cross-group collaboration and storytelling as well as a passion for technology and data. As a Product Marketing Manager, you will work across product marketing, outbound marketing, engineering, partner and field organizations to drive adoption and accelerate growth for Microsoft data platform technologies with ISVs. Success will be measured based on your impact on driving adoption, market share and revenue growth on both Microsoft Cloud and Data Platform services and targeted partners’ solutions. Specific responsibilities include the following: • Deep understanding of ISV audience and their needs, market dynamics, competitors and product levers to help grow the data platform business • Understanding of how ISVs deploy cloud services to build their SaaS apps &amp; solutions • Build and validate value propositions, messaging, and guidance for outbound marketing, the field, partners, press, and analysts • Build content to land differentiated ISV SaaS data story with compelling business value targeting ISVs through white papers, webinars, videos, campaigns and digital marketing vehicles • Work with product marketing, partner organization and external marketing to build and deliver data modernization motion, including offers and incentive campaigns, to accelerate ISV adoption and growth through Microsoft Data Platform technologies • Represent the ISV Data team on Microsoft Data Accelerator Program v-team, leading appropriate marketing strategy, program value proposition, messaging and key program motions • Develop co-marketing campaigns to drive success for enabler ISV partners that can extend our data platform modernization motion • Develop competitive insights to deliver the right solutions and messaging to market • Understand data modernization scenarios and modern app patterns and partner with integrated marketing partner organization on strategies to drive market penetration and satisfaction • Partner with Market Research and Data Marketing team stakeholders to deliver ISV audience insights, drive effective segmentation and targeting of messaging and positioning Qualifications Candidate should have 5+ years of experience in building and executing marketing strategies targeted to ISV partner audience. We are looking for a highly motivated, results-driven marketer, who has strong storytelling skills, technical aptitude, leadership skills and business acumen. Candidate must be able to generate high-impact ideas, clearly prioritize, manage multiple projects simultaneously and drive them to completion. Candidate must have a proven ability to work across virtual teams and motivate others within and across Business Groups. This position requires excellent oral and written communications abilities, and strong interpersonal skills including the ability to interact with technical and business leaders. The candidate should be familiar with database technologies. MBA is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306099 1061686 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 