 Back to search results Prev Job 126 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer If you like challenges and want to learn and practice how to develop advanced big data solutions/techniques that scale to petabytes of data, this is your ideal opportunity. We build solutions that process massive data volumes in near realtime using both proprietary and open source technologies like Hadoop, Spark, ElasticSearch &amp; Redis. Come join us in powering Microsoft's Cloud &amp; Enterprise Platform through the power of Big Data to enable decision making, product enhancements, and customer value creation. Core to our mission is collecting the right data on a massive scale and making it actionable. Security, Compliance, Service Health, Usage and Fraud are just a few areas that you will be improving through data analysis. Building out computational logic on a massive scale and manipulating petabytes of data will be a routine part of the job. Knowledge of data science and ML is a plus. Qualifications: - 7+ years of software design and development experience. - Strong expertise and experience on design and development of platforms, metric systems with a track record of shipping multiple releases. - Expert knowledge in Object Oriented Languages Like C++, C# - Deep understanding of efficient data structures and algorithms - Excellent analytical skills Specialization in Statistics, Data Mining or Machine Learning is a plus. - Working knowledge of Hadoop or other Big Data processing technology Responsibilities: - Develop scalable solutions for data discovery, analysis, and presentation - Develop metadata driven data collection, integration, and organization services - Work closely with subject matter experts and statisticians to drive deep analysis - Research and implement machine learning and statistical data mining techniques - Design and implement patterns for accurate capture and representation of data Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 288754 1052941 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 