 Back to search results Prev Job 341 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Does the prospect of working on data that will power Autonomous Driving or Drones Navigation appeal to you? The Azure IOT Location Based Services team will lead that charge and we are looking for engineers to join us and imagine new uses and opportunities that are unlocked when Azure has a rich set of Location Services in the cloud and aiding in scenarios that include Connected Cars, Autonomous Driving, Home Automation, Drones and more. The Azure LBS team is a newly formed team and we are looking for highly motivated and talented engineers to design and deliver platforms to produce the geospatial data that will power those scenarios. We are looking for engineers who have experience in large scale geospatial data processing, and in the algorithms that power geospatial services (route, render, geocode), and who can deliver scalable platforms that will power those services. You must have the desire to produce high quality software, passion/creativity to learn new complex technical areas, and agility/accountability to own features that will affect millions of users. Being a new startup team, you must have the flexibility to do anything/everything required to ensure the team’s success. If you see yourself working with other highly motivated and talented individuals, then this is a great opportunity to challenge yourself, be part of something new and influence the next generation of technology for Microsoft. Responsibilities include: • Design and Build scalable systems that will normalize, process, conflate and store geospatial data • Define data modeling and build transform pipelines to generate specialized geospatial indexes • Build algorithmic intensive geospatial engines for routing, geocoding, etc. Successful candidates will meet the following basic qualifications: • Minimum of 8 years of development experience in C/C++ or C# • Minimum 6 years in Geospatial development experience Preferred Qualifications: • Experience in routing, geocoding or map rendering experience • Experience in building data processing pipelines capable of large scale data transformations • Demonstrated experience building highly reliable and scalable systems software. • BS/MS in Computer Science or 8 years of equivalent industry experience. You will be required to pass Microsoft background checks prior to the start of employment and periodically thereafter. Further details regarding this process will be provided in follow up correspondence. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323812 1074850 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 