 Back to search results Prev Job 282 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager - Azure Machine Learning We are in the midst of a revolution in data science and machine learning. Our vision is to make cloud-based machine learning technology accessible to every enterprise, data scientist, developer, information worker, consumer, and device anywhere in the world. We will develop machine learning services that are fast, elastic, highly scalable, and highly available with the long-term design goal to support millions of developers and enterprises, and billions of devices through the cloud. We are a fast-paced team within the Microsoft Artificial Intelligence &amp; Research organization building an exciting Machine Learning platform on Azure that will make it easy to create experiments locally and deploy robust, scalable and highly available machine learning web services on the cloud. We design our platform services both for first party as well as external customers and drive great adoptions for our products, and ecosystem of devices and services. This could be the next best adventure in your career! As a Program Manager on the Azure Machine Learning team in Cambridge, you will drive team features in building data science experience. You will use your passion about great design in delivering polished and delightful user experiences to drive the architecture and quality of the experiences Microsoft’s customer will use to access real world Internet scale developed Predictive Analytics. You will use your ability to think long term, while delivering short term milestones to deliver incrementally towards long-term business and technical objectives and you will work closely with designers, developers, data scientists and other partner teams to build long term strategic roadmap for winning in this super critical space for Microsoft. Basic Requirements: •BS in Computer Science, Engineering or Math •1+ years of machine learning or Data Science Highly desirable: •Strong program management background •5+ years of experience in delivering commercial grade software &amp; services, preferably in one of the major cloud vendors (Azure, AWS and/or GCP) •Experience with machine learning, data science and hands-on experience of predictive analytics is a requirement. •Real world experience in delivering large scale projects •Demonstrated data driven engineering experience •Strong passion for designing end to end user scenarios •Demonstrated customer focus, with ability to prioritize features and make difficult resource decisions by focusing on improving customer experience •Bias for getting things done right, and fast, engaging for action and delivering results with high quality. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325533 1078582 Locations United States, Cambridge (MA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 