 Back to search results Prev Job 124 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Azure Data Lake Store (ADLS) is a massively scalable storage system for big-data analytics on the cloud. Along with Cosmos, ADLS powers all of Microsoft’s internal big-data needs including Bing, Office, Windows, Skype, etc. In addition, many big-name companies rely on ADLS to process many petabytes of data each. Our growth is accelerating, as we increasingly establish ourselves as the leader in cloud data analytics. We need engineers to participate in this growth and build the system from the ground up with us. You can find more details on our webpage (&lt;https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/data-lake-store/&gt;) or the SIGMOD Paper on our design (&lt;https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3056100&gt;). ADLS is part of the Azure Big Data teams part of the C+E Azure organization. Azure Big data teams present interesting challenges in technologies such as big-data, cloud, storage and open-source. We build reliable, highly scalable and highly performant distributed systems for data analytics on Azure. We work with various open-source technologies like Hadoop, Yarn, etc., and make contributions to these technologies. We are creating a planetary scale storage system, which can scale to Exabyte of data (yes, that’s 18+ digits!). This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of a very agile team, take on hard distributed system problems and ship high impact features at a rapid pace. We need collaborative developers who can think big, deliver on those big challenges, and along the way, change the world. Want to change the world with data and large-scale distributed systems? Do you want to solve challenges that you didn’t even know existed until you get to a large size? Come join us on the Azure Big data team! About the position: You will be working on a very high-scale API server for a massive scale data storage system. Since the scale and reliability are critical, you will need to develop a deep understanding of all parts of the system: .net runtime, networking, security, OS, the backend of the storage system, etc. You will need to drill into performance investigations and find ways to scale better at lower cost with lower hardware needs, all the while delivering consistently low latencies. Moreover, since the API server is the first touch-point to the system you may have to investigate problems where it is not clear whether the problem is in our system, the network or the client setup. You will need to exercise good design skills as you design and develop new features, with a good understanding of API semantics, customer needs, performance, scalability, etc. This is a challenging job that provides massive opportunities for learning and growing in any of the many dimensions of depth mentioned above. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 6+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • Experience building highly scalable, massively distributed or cloud systems • Experience with storage and/or big data systems like Hadoop, Spark, HDFS, etc. • Understanding of OS, storage or database systems internals, or .Net runtime internals • Experience designing and shipping public-facing APIs and/or SDKs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323597 1074732 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 