 Back to search results Prev Job 215 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Ready to shape the future of how people interact with data? The Analysis and Experimentation Team is looking for talented engineers who strive to build highly scalable, performant and robust systems that help users understand data. Do you have a passion for finding innovative solutions to difficult problems? Do you thrive on building tools that help users find insights in data that would otherwise be hidden and useless? We want to hear from you! Here in Analysis and Experimentation, we believe that data helps us make better decisions. As a member of the team, you will build out our internal analytics tools and systems so everyone in Microsoft can access and work with data. You will be working closely with other teams from AI &amp; Research Group to enable them to make data driven decisions at the product and business levels. You should love the idea of working closely with all the smart and creative people at Microsoft, doing deep analysis and writing software to make their lives better and work easier. We work across the full stack of software and data tools. We work on big scale algorithms, data pipelines, metadata management systems, data visualization and data exploration techniques. Our problems are diverse and so are our tools. We use C#, SQL, Azure, Ruby, Python and modern open source JavaScript frameworks. What you'll do: • Design and build new services • Maintain and improve existing services • Work closely with our analysts • Determine priorities by estimating the potential impact of projects • Produce high quality code • Improve those around you Required Skills: • Bachelor’s degree required, Computer Science preferred. • 3+ Yyears of professional software development experience • Experience with a programming language such as C++, Java, C#, Objective C, Ruby or Python • Experience in data structures, algorithms and software engineering concepts • A strong sense of curiosity and a willingness to learn, share and improve • SQL, JavaScript, HTML experience Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco's Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. A&amp;E Job # 322577 1073114 Locations United States, San Francisco (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 