 Back to search results Prev Job 127 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager The Office OneNote, Wunderlist, Education and Interactive Docs team is looking for a strong Technical Data &amp; Analytics PM to join our Customer Insights &amp; Data team to enable us to deeply understand and drive data-driven, high impact business decisions in the company-wide Education space. We work across the holistic Microsoft Education portfolio to enable the company to drive usage and engagement among teachers, students, administrators, parents and beyond. If you are passionate about empowering students and making a difference in the EDU sector, this is a fabulous opportunity to have impact and influence in a critical area of focus for the company. In this role, you’ll be joining a team hungry to learn, leverage and value your pioneering expertise to build our Data &amp; Analytics discipline into the rhythm of our BXT team structure. You’ll help shape and strengthen business strategy for our Education-related offerings, understanding how our product usage enables children to learn and succeed in school, and enjoy opportunities to derive insight from EDU data from across the company. You will have the opportunity to define the role and use advanced data management, modeling, business intelligence, reporting, and analytic tools to experiment with the data as you see best to push the boundaries of how much value we can create for our customers, business and engineering within the EDU team. As part of this position, you’ll have ability to work on many different challenging data modeling &amp; analytics problems across the breadth of the business, and work with individuals who have very clearly articulated business questions and success criteria we need your help answering. The successful candidate will have experience analyzing data from a wide range of datasets and across a breadth of technology platforms, in order to model and build data solutions that respond to our BI challenges. The right candidate enjoys changing projects; have strong data modeling, analytical, presentation, and business data visualization skills; technical depth &amp; aptitude; and a collaborative work style. We are looking for people who see challenges as opportunities, people who can look at complex data problems, model &amp; visualize it, can provide actionable insights, and build appropriate data solutions to enable informed decisions. Qualifications: For this senior PM position, the ideal candidate will have ample experience modeling and building database, data warehouse, reporting, and data visualization &amp; exploration solutions, as well as collaboration skills with several cross-Microsoft teams. On the modeling front, we ideally look for strong relational modeling experience (i.e. OLTP, normalization, ACID), dimensional modeling (i.e. Kimball/Star Schemas), ETL modeling (i.e. SSIS, ADF, Staging Models), semantic modeling (i.e. OLAP, Tabular, VertiPaq, DAX), and reporting (i.e. proper &amp; optimal data visualization techniques (i.e. Tufte, Stephen Few); Storytelling; design of report navigation &amp; multi-level reports to drill into details; dashboard &amp; scorecard design). On the technical front, we ideally look for strong SQL Server database knowledge (i.e. administration, optimization, T-SQL), design for physical Kimball implementations (i.e. ETL strategies, Surrogate Keys, dimensional history, optimized fact tables), Tabular modeling implementation (SSAS, AAS, Power BI), and reporting with Power BI (reports, dashboards, Scorecards; metrics, KPIs; DAX, M, R in PBI). We bet on Azure, so experience on it is very desirable. On the collaboration front, the ideal candidate will have experience driving partnerships, managing dependencies, collaborative prioritization, sizing/estimation of tasks into realistic schedules, and Agile development practices. We look for the closest fit to this profile as possible, and a willingness to learn and grow in the other areas as we work on our challenging projects. Other Qualifications: - Experience with Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, agile principles &amp; practices, Microsoft Teams/Slack, Azure Portal, Azure data services, GIT/VSO. - Ability to understand and translate business and product questions into data &amp; analytics projects. - Ability to articulate vision, requirements, and benefits to business and engineering partners. - Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders, partner engineering teams, and subject matter experts. - Creativity to find pragmatic paths through ambiguity. - Ability to communicate and collaborate with people representing diverse points of view. - Willingness to work in a start-up type environment with evolving responsibilities and a wide variety of work. - Bachelor degree in Computer Science &amp; Engineering or related fields, or sufficient experience in these areas. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325822 1078234 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 