 Back to search results Prev Job 9 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Do you want to be on the leading edge of using big data and help drive development decisions for the biggest productivity software in the planet? Office Experience Organization (OXO) has embarked on a mission to delight our customers through data informed engineering processes and by integrating AI features into our products and services. The Growth team in OXO is looking for an experienced Data Scientist that would work on machine learning models and analysis. The role involves partner with engineers and program managers on application teams like Word, Excel and PowerPoint, and working with them to deliver new experiences to our users. We are looking for a strong Data Scientist with a proven track record of solving large, complex data analysis and machine learning problems in a real-world product development setting. Ideal candidates should be able to identify a business or engineering problem and translate it to a data science projects, dig out sources of data, conduct the analysis that would reveal actionable insights and developed operationalize the models that enables new capabilities and scenarios for our customers. Core Skills: • Identifies data sources, integrates multiple sources or types of data, and applies expertise within a data source in order to develop methods to compensate for limitations and extend the applicability of the data • Applies (or develops if necessary) tools and pipelines to efficiently collect, clean, and prepare massive volumes of data for analysis • Transforms formulated problems into implementation plans for experiments by applying (and creating when necessary) the appropriate methods, algorithms, and tools, and statistically validating the results against biases and errors • Interprets results and develops insights into formulated problems within the business/customer context and provides guidance on risks and limitations • Acquires and uses broad knowledge of innovative methods, algorithms, and tools from within Microsoft and from the scientific literature, and applies his or her own analysis of scalability and applicability to the formulated problem • Validates, monitors, and drives continuous improvement to methods, and proposes enhancements to data sources that improve usability and results Requirements: • Expert in one or more statistical software like R, SAS or Statistica, etc. • Expert in one or more scripting languages like Perl, Python or SQL • Solid foundation of statistical modeling and machine learning algorithms and experimental design • Deep understanding of big data systems including map reduce technologies like Hadoop and Spark • B.S. and/or M.S. (Ph.D. Preferred) in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research or similar quantitative field 5 years plus of applying statistical modeling, ML and data mining algorithms to real world problems Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307857 1066881 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 