 Back to search results Prev Job 243 of 500 Next Senior Product Marketing Manager Do you have a passion for marketing technology, and have strong product planning and business skills? Do you want to influence the growth of one of the largest businesses at Microsoft and drive transformation across the industry? Do you want to help drive adoption for new technologies? If so, then the Cloud App Dev &amp; Data Marketing team has an opportunity for you. We are looking for a strong marketer to help the shape the marketing strategy for large scale Tier 1 data solutions for the SQL Server business. This is an end-to-end product management role that requires strategic thinking, cross-group collaboration and storytelling as well as a passion for technology and data. You will work with engineering, integrated marketing and field to develop and evangelize our competitive messaging for large scale Tier 1 data solutions spanning transaction processing, data warehousing, business intelligence and advanced analytics. You will help communicate our value proposition to key audiences with a focus on IT decision makers and business decision makers to drive adoption of our tier 1 solutions and migration off of competitive solutions. You will help to drive the go to market strategy in collaboration with the integrated marketing team to drive SQL Server momentum in Tier 1 data solutions. You will also develop competitive positioning relative to the current landscape and future trends. In addition to collaborating with engineering and integrated marketing you will have a strong partnership with field teams to determine best practices and build Tier 1 KPIs to measure and share impact with engineering and marketing leadership during the rhythm of business (ROBs). Specific responsibilities include the following: •Deeply understand customer data needs in for large scale Tier 1 applications, market dynamics, competitors and product levers to further grow the SQL Server business. Develop competitive insights to deliver the right solutions and messaging to market. •Build differentiated value propositions, messaging, and guidance for the field, partners, press, and analysts. •Support product disclosures in partnership with engineering, integrated marketing and communications. •Build a rhythm with field stakeholders to land and continually refine Tier 1 solutions and strategy. •Develop and land KPIs for Tier 1 adoption and migrations from other solutions and articulate insights with engineering and marketing leadership in ROBs. •Build competitive content to address Tier 1 data solutions targeting ITDMs with compelling business value for building new applications on SQL Server. •Understand current adoption of SQL Server, and partner with integrated marketing on strategies to drive market penetration and satisfaction. •Work with our field and partner readiness teams to drive readiness around Tier 1 data solutions and engage regularly with customers to gain ground level insights to the impact of solutions created. •Provide feedback into product planning to guide future product roadmaps. •Partner with business planning on business models for new solutions in Tier 1 as well as migrations. •Partner with technical product management to deliver the right supporting technical guidance. Qualifications: •5 years+ of product planning, product management, technical product management or technical field sales in the data space. •We are looking for a highly motivated, results-driven marketer, who has strong technical aptitude, leadership skills, field experience and business acumen. •Candidate must be able to generate high-impact ideas, clearly prioritize, manage multiple projects simultaneously and drive them to completion. •Candidate must have a proven ability to work across virtual teams and motivate others within and across Business Groups. •This position requires excellent oral and written communications abilities, and strong interpersonal skills including the ability to interact with technical and business leaders. •The candidate should be familiar with database technologies. •MBA is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 303973 1061009 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 