 Back to search results Prev Job 119 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer We live in the Age of Data. And we LOVE Data! Data and insights from data power an increasing range of applications, transforming not just the technology industry but society at large. Individuals and businesses need a powerful, elastic, and highly-available Data Platform that can help them derive insights from large volumes of data. The Database Systems organization is delivering such a platform for a range of Relational Database workloads, from online transaction processing workloads, to data warehousing solutions, from on premise enterprise systems, to on-demand cloud services. Uniquely in the industry, we deal with the full breadth of environments, from server-based to cloud-based systems, delivering features that work across these environments, providing differentiated value to our customers. We are a full stack team, tackling the breadth of technology from distributed systems, availability, scalability, security, query processing, storage, operating systems, networking, management tools, web development, and most other fields in Computer Science. As an organization, we are also proud of our world class team, our deep investments in growing and retaining talent, and the diversity of skills, experiences, interests and personalities that makes our team strong. Along with the positive impact to society from our technology, our team also prides itself on direct involvement in various social causes, particularly related to broadening access to technology to all sections of society. To help our business to succeed in its ambitions, the Database Systems team is building up Business Analytics capabilities that allow us to track and improve customer experience, provide metrics around growth of existing and new offerings we are constantly developing, and want to apply Machine Learning techniques to predict churn, customer satisfaction, and do cohort analysis. We are creating and maintaining data pipelines, Data Warehouses that allow us to analyze very large data sets that are emitted from our cluster telemetry, and relevant data from across the company. We won’t work in isolation, but will leverage analytical work that has been done across the company. We are looking for engineers who are passionate about data and want to apply data science to solve real-world problems. You will work with data from diverse structured and unstructured data sources in both batch and online modes (SQL-DW), and various formats including tabular, text and time series. We expect all team members to contribute broadly, with an agile and growth mindset, so your ability to step into multiple areas will be a key attribute that we are looking for, including core engineering work. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or Statistics OR IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 3+ years of programming implementation experience to write code in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR Python OR data manipulation (SQL, U-SQL) OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers • Common ML and analysis tools (R, SAS, SPSS, MatLab) • Experience with NLP, deep learning, and large scale machine learning techniques is a plus but not required Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 308192 1067753 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 