 Back to search results Prev Job 85 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist - Yammer Join a tight-knit team at Microsoft, and change the way people work by making Yammer a better product. At Yammer, we're building software that's revolutionizing the typical workday. Yammer makes it easy for people to tap into their network and work together. Yammer relies on data to influence decisions across the organization and our analytics team plays a central role in making that happen. HERE'S WHERE YOU COME IN We're looking for people who want their work to have impact. You've got a brain, and we expect you to use it to achieve that impact. If you enjoy thinking critically, questioning assumptions, and collaborating with intelligent folks, we think you'd also enjoy this role. Here are a few reasons why we love this job: - Autonomy: We're independent thinkers, and we each have the freedom to make our own decisions. In addition, we each own our projects. - Teamwork: We value autonomy, but that doesn't mean we work alone. Because each analyst has unique strengths and viewpoints, we often teach each other new skills and explore alternative perspectives. - High Expectations: Our coworkers rarely ignore our analyses. Rather, they poke holes in them, challenging us to produce stronger, more convincing analyses. MORE ABOUT WHAT YOU'LL DO Day-to-day work varies, but here are common tasks you can expect: - Collaborate with product managers and engineers to define and measure success of new features - Influence priorities by estimating the potential impact of projects - Triage problems with our product using data about user behavior WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR - Problem Solving: You find creative ways to arrive at usable solutions, even when roadblocks arise and even when problems are ambiguously defined. You know when to simplify and when adding some complexity could be appropriate. - Good Communication: You can explain complex concepts in a simple, understandable way. You can translate numbers into words, and words into decisions. - 3+ Years Experience Making Sense of Data: You can manipulate and analyze datasets. You might have a degree in a quantitative field or relevant work experience. Just to give you an idea of our backgrounds, our team members have done work in the areas of economics, physics, business, and sociology. BONUS POINTS - Experience using quantitative tools like Excel, SQL, R, or similar stats packages - Experience with A/B Testing and experimental design BONUS BONUS POINTS - Programming experience in any language (Java, C, Python, Ruby, etc.) - Familiarity with data system architectures, database design, query optimization, or streaming data tools Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321561 1071734 Locations United States, San Francisco (CA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Products and technologies Yammer Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 