 Back to search results Prev Job 71 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Are you interested in radically improving the security of Microsoft’s products? Do you want to work on the intelligent security graph and new security products? Are you committed to helping Microsoft customers keep their computer’s secure and combating evolving security threats? Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (WDATP) is an exciting new product that helps our enterprise customers detect, investigate, and respond to advanced and targeted attacks on their networks. We are searching for a strong self-driven Senior Data Scientist for the WDATP Research Team consisting of data scientists, reverse engineers, antimalware and offensive researchers and threat intelligence analysts. Our team has a deep understanding of the techniques attackers use to infiltrate enterprise networks and it powers the detections behind the WDATP product. Our research lab innovates in new approaches for detecting these techniques, and working across the Windows organization to bring the necessary optics successfully into the product. If you are a technically strong data scientist who is passionate about having huge impact in the security industry, we would love to talk to you! The main responsibilities include but are not limited to: • Research and build detection on top of the Intelligent Security Graph to identify techniques attackers use to infiltrate enterprise networks • Partner with engineering teams to develop and augment existing sensors that provide optics needed to build detections • Work with other internal and external teams to forge new and improve existing partnerships that help mature the product • Provide exemplary leadership in an exceptionally challenging and rewarding environment and influence the organization • Make good, timely and practical decisions with moderate uncertainty or pressure on a consistent basis • Determine most effective method of problem resolution with internal research team and engineering team input Basic qualifications: • BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or at least 10+ years of data science/machine learning experience • 4yrs data science experience (in supervised and unsupervised machine learning, online learning, graph theory, etc.) Preferred qualifications: • Experience with large scale data systems, such as Hadoop • Strong research skills, data knowledge, and ability to analyze and present complex data visually in a meaningful way • Ability to ramp up quickly on technical details of disparate, vulnerable technologies in order to build detections • Strong technical and thought leader with skills in various scripting tools and/or C# programming • Good communication skills and an eye for detail • Team player, confident and enthusiastic Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320094 1065681 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 