 Back to search results Prev Job 329 of 500 Next SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Over the past 10+ years, the Data Group (DG) in Cloud and Enterprise division has grown from 40-million-dollar business to 7+ billion-dollar business and is one of the key revenue generators at Microsoft. The usage spans from developers, SMBs to huge enterprises taking mission-critical dependencies on our platform for a range of workloads from super-fast OLTP workloads &amp; advanced DW scenarios to analytics, search and non-relational options. Working with the full range of customers and products, Data Migration team’s focus is to enable customers to migrate to the modern data platform to gain a competitive advantage through business insights. The team not only provides solutions in the form of traditional delivery vehicles like upgrade and migration tools, but also leverages solution providers and ISVs to assist customers in making the migration to modern relational offerings such as SQL Server 2016, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse. For the non-relational Data Pillar services like Azure Search, HDInsight &amp; DocumentDB, we work with our customers, partner ecosystem and community to provide tools and solutions to ease onboarding to our services. We are charged with highlighting technology synergy across our services by building turnkey solutions for customer success. We are looking for a highly-motivated engineer with strong development and design skills to join this growing team. You will work on azure services and applications such as these: - Azure Database Migration Service: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/campaigns/database-migration/ - Data Migration Assistant: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=5359 - SQL Server Migration Assistant: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=42656 - DocumentDB Data Migration tool: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=46436 You will work on these Azure services and applications to ensure seamless and frictionless migration to modern data platform on Azure. You will have opportunities to work with Microsoft data technologies such as SQL server, and Azure SQL Database; as well as competitive platforms such as Oracle, MySQL, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc. We are looking for someone that possess solid analytical, design and problem diagnosis skills. Deep experience with big data, databases, distributed systems, and the ability to translate high-level technical requirements through all the levels of the software stack is essential. Expertise with high-performance systems or service design is a plus. We believe that a team is greater than the sum of its parts. Proven record of accomplishment and ability to work in an agile team of highly motivated and passionate engineers is key to this role. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 4+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers • Experience building complex system that have successfully been delivered to customers • Knowledge of what it takes to deliver and maintain cloud based services • Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies • Experience with system architecture/design • Experience with distributed systems operating in a scalable/high volume environment. • Experience in open source technology stack (PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB and Hadoop) is highly desirable. • This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements: Telework. AZDAT-SYS-MIDDLE Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check every two years. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323351 1074602 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 