 Back to search results Prev Job 96 of 500 Next Senior Data Engineer The Azure Customer Advisory (AzureCAT) is an elite team of engineers and architects within the Cloud and Enterprise engineering organization that works with interesting and strategic customer deployments on Azure. By joining this team, you will have the opportunity to work closely with the Azure Engineering teams spearhead customer adoption of new and bleeding edge technologies. You will engage with customers in lab environments for deep technical learnings on new products and services. You will have the opportunity to greatly impact the overall direction of the platform through early customer engagements. Your insights from these customer engagements will influence future product releases. You will be required to present technical challenges, solutions and guidance to audiences including senior customer executives, conference attendees, and Microsoft leadership teams. This team is geographically dispersed, this specific position is based in the US, preferably in Redmond, WA. Required qualifications for this role: • 5+ years of experience in building or shipping products or services or building and architecting software solutions. • 5+ years of experience designing, developing, tuning and troubleshooting complex database applications, using Oracle database. Preferred skills for this role include: • Oracle versions 12c, 11g, 10g, Oracle RAC, ASM storage, Grid Infrastructure (clusterware), Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control Server, Oracle Data Guard, Exadata • Knowledge of Cloud (Azure or AWS or Oracle Cloud) platform infrastructure to run and optimize relational databases. Ability and flexibility to learn and adapt to a spectrum of database technologies running on multiple platforms. • Practical experience in planning, sizing &amp; migrating large enterprise workloads from On Prem to cloud platform. • Well versed with tools like AWR, ADDM, RMAN, Oracle Advisors, etc. • Expertise in troubleshooting performance bottleneck and wait type analysis in Oracle database • Expertise in SQL Tuning. • Experience working with multiple Tier-1 mission-critical customer scenarios and workloads to meet customer needs for performance, scalability, latency, reliability. • Developing and deploying High Availability and Disaster Recovery strategies • Experienced in defining and recommending best practices and principles of data architecture. • Knowledge of other open source database technologies is an added advantage. • Bachelor’s or higher degree in technology, Computer Science or Engineering or related discipline • Exceptional communication and presentation skills. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to as Job # 325466 1078609 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 