 Back to search results Prev Job 185 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Do you want to work on cutting edge web technologies, empowering Microsoft to achieve more with data on an agile team? The Data and Analytics (DNA) team in Universal Store provides big data platforms and tools that power data driven scenarios and analytics across the Windows &amp; Devices Group (WDG) and beyond. Our reach starts with a billion Windows devices, to Xbox gaming, to our Consumer and Commercial Stores. Our team provides the telemetry platform and crash analytics, tools to support powerful batch data processing and streaming compute, systems alerting/monitoring and analytics capabilities with rich data visualizations. These platforms provide rich tools that surface massive amounts of data, pushing the boundaries of what is achievable in the browser. We are creating a next generation web app platform enabling developers to deliver data applications faster, that showcase innovate data visualizations, interaction patterns and query models. We are looking for full stack developers that: • Are deeply passionate about the modern application designs, including patterns that optimize large scale data retrieval and interaction. • Want to use the latest technologies, from graph databases to new mid-tier and web frameworks • Enjoys a fast agile environment, prototyping and iterating on designs, collaborating with other feature teams. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years software development experience • BA/BS Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or equivalent practical experience • 5+ years experience with modern web technologies - JavaScript, HTML and CSS • 5+ years experience with databases, such as SQL, Kusto, MongoDb, CosmosDb • 2+ years experience with graph databases • 5+ years experience with NETFX distributed development Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325215 1077840 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 