 Back to search results Prev Job 128 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Are you passionate about data? Are you interested in analyzing data, finding patterns and unlocking insights to move commerce at Microsoft forward? The Analytics &amp; Insights team within Enterprise Commerce is looking for strong PMs or Data Scientists who are passionate and experienced in all aspects of data science - data analytics, predictive modeling, statistics and ML - to do just that. The Enterprise Commerce (EC) group within the Universal Store (UST) is responsible for the systems and processes required to support Microsoft’s enterprise business - OEM, MBS and Volume Licensing. These lines of business bring in around $60B annually which represents over half of all Microsoft revenue. Our commerce systems are truly what drive the success of Microsoft. The Analytics &amp; Insights team is responsible for extracting actionable insights out of the vast amount of data collected within Enterprise Commerce and using it to drive both internal and in-market decisions. Whether the team is looking at evaluating customer behavior to assess in-market feature performance, predicting feature failure before customers escalate, evaluating deal velocity and negotiating complexity to best create new offers, this team will be responsible for designing and implementing data experimentation efforts with the end goal of producing meaningful insights that can move Microsoft and Enterprise Commerce forward. The Analytics and Insights team is looking for a Senior Data Scientist who is truly passionate about data and can also operate across the business and technical spectrum. A successful candidate will have strong data analysis skills, be able to understand our business and business processes, and possess the technical skills necessary to build predictive models and experiments. Job Responsibilities Include: • Work with platform PMs to understand upcoming business initiatives and product features. • Build data sets to influence priority of features • Develop models to evaluate the effectiveness of business processes and in-market offers. • Map data flow to business processes and develop models to detect process failures. • Work with product and program marketing, operations and support on identifying areas where data analysis/machine learning/statistics can influence the platform, customer/partner experience, and revenue generation • Build models to investigate ideas generated above • Drive feature requirements stemming from insights into the platform. Qualifications: Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of program management experience Preferred Qualifications: • Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills. • Experience in at least one of the following areas: machine learning, statistics, business intelligence, information retrieval, relational database modeling, data warehousing, data processing (ETL), business activity monitoring (two or more areas are preferred). • Ability to write SQL queries to extract data required. • SQL development experience is a plus. • Experience with various data analysis tools, ETL tools, and statistical packages. • Experience with R, Python, Azure ML, Cosmos, SQL is a plus. • Ability to write code (C#, Powershell, basic API development) is a plus. • Extensive data analysis experience (5+ years). • Understanding of Microsoft’s Volume Licensing business processes is a plus • Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325374 1074699 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 