 Back to search results Prev Job 325 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Are you a passionate engineer that enjoys building real-time scalable systems? Do you like working in fast-moving agile startup-like product teams? Do you have the interest and passion to do full-stack development and have knowledge and experience in data science? SEALS is a division in the Data Group in Microsoft with the charter to increase satisfaction of customers of DG products. Buzz is a Social Intelligence product we created in the Data Science sub-division of Seals with the goal of analyzing, understanding and nurturing our communities. Buzz crawls various technical social forums and builds intelligence on top of the data. We do alerting, topic mining, sentiment analysis, reputation mining and tagging of internal and external products. We help product teams identify customer pain points and with feature planning, content teams with content development and marketing teams with competitive research. Buzz currently supports 30 different internal product teams and 200 external products. We are looking for a senior engineer with solid experience in both engineering and data science. Responsibilities: - Work closely with internal customers to understand their requirements and implement them - Rewrite parts of the system to scale and generalize better. Significant rearchitecting and redesigning will be part of the job. - Navigate through a complex software system without supervision or guidance and fix bugs and implement features - Build, maintain and operationalize machine learning models Requirements: - BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science (or equivalent) - 5+ years’ experience C/C++/C#/Java coding skills - Experience developing and shipping scalable real-time systems - Proficiency in C#, SQL Server, JavaScript, AngularJS, NodeJS, Python, Azure technologies e.g. Azure SQL, Azure Search, PowerBI, Azure Data Factory - Knowledge in Machine Learning fundamentals. - Experience building and shipping models for complex business problems. - Exceptional written and verbal communication and presentation skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 280207 1026522 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 