 Back to search results Prev Job 340 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) is the team behind the cloud. MCIO is responsible for delivering over 200 Microsoft web portals, Live and Online Services around the world including infrastructure, security and compliance, operations, globalization, and manageability. Our focus is on smart growth, high efficiency, and delivering a trusted experience to customers and partners worldwide. The Deployment Engineering team is responsible for ensuring that sellable capacity is available for Microsoft customers. This includes ensuring that the required infrastructure is deployed on-time to meet customer demand, continuously improving the end-to-end performance, and designing the delivery system to meet the scale, speed, and predictability required by the business. This role requires an innovative individual who can provide thought leadership in the development of next generation deployment systems and processes. The successful candidate will be able to systematically analyze and mine big data systems to identify trends and patterns. They should be able to assess highly complex integrated systems and identify service improvement opportunities based on data. They should be able to prioritize projects based on the overall impact to the business and lead the development of those solutions. Finally, they must be able to model business scenarios and predict the future impact to the deployment system resulting from those solutions. The ideal candidate would have a strong technical background in networking, servers, and application development, as well as, demonstrated expertise in communication and collaboration at the senior leadership level. Roles and responsibilities: • Lead global virtual teams to deliver infrastructure predictably based on customer need. • Create methods and processes to collect critical data about deployments, progress, and dependencies. • Design automated solutions to identify and mitigate deployment risks. • Perform detailed data analysis and data mining against large distributed data sets using T-SQL, MQuery, DAX, and R. • Develop innovative technical prototypes to enable a 10x growth in throughput while reducing cycle time and variation. • Develop prototypes to enable the creation of next generation systems and automation. • Manage cross-organizational relationships with key stakeholders to ensure technology and business solutions are aligned with the corporate goals and priorities. Minimum qualifications: • BS in Engineering or Computer Science or related technical field; or in lieu of degree candidate will have at least 10+ years combined experience in one or more areas such as: program management, project management, operations, technical/engineering role(s). • 7+ years of experience leading process engineering and/or implementing automation systems, ideally in a manufacturing environment. • 1+ year strong data analysis skills leveraging T-SQL, MQuery, DAX and/or R. • 1+ year demonstrated scripting and/or programming skills in C#, R, Python, or PowerShell. Additional preferred qualifications: • Proven experience in collaborating across technical engineering teams and senior leadership. • Exceptional written communication and presentation skills. • Ability to quickly pick up existing concepts and employ new techniques. • Strong problem-solving skills. • Six Sigma certification. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320861 1064046 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Supply chain &amp; operations management Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 