 Back to search results Prev Job 154 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer If the idea of developing rich data insights and building highly scalable services for our largest distributed Big Data services on Azure gets you excited, then this opportunity to build a world class analytic platform is the right place for you to come and take on your next challenge. Our team is working on building Azure Data Lake, the next generation Big Data platform for Azure that can hyper-scale compute and storage (hundreds of thousands of VMs of compute and exabytes of storage). The Big Data team within C+E also owns the Cosmos Big Data service which powers insights and analytics across all the services and products at Microsoft, and will be extending these technologies to build the next gen Big Data platform in the cloud. Our customer’s requirements push us to process exabytes of data without even breaking a sweat. The amount of exhaust from a platform with that scale of processing is enormous, and the insights and scenarios that we want to enable on top of that raw data are endless. For our customers to maintain control and compliance over their data, we are making a big bet on building platform features that enable Data Mapping, Data Lineage Analysis, and real-time evaluation of Gating Policies that allow for better data-driven decisions to be made by the enterprises that stake their reputation on top of us. We need engineers who care deeply about our customers and want to build services in way that empowers our customers, while ensuring compliance and privacy, to help build strong trust. We are not satisfied with the status quo. We want to go beyond the standard types of logs and telemetry that are typically made available to cloud service customers by delivering rich and actionable insights to customers in a way that also drives up our bottom line - increasing adoption and revenue. We are looking for candidates who want to apply cutting edge ideas around machine learning, trend detection, outlier analysis, predictive models, and other advanced data mining techniques to deliver these insights in near real time. We also work closely with an applied research team that specializes in these techniques - a chance for you to productize cutting-edge algorithms and ideas from the research community. We are looking for talented Senior Engineers, who have strong track record of success and background in large scale distributed systems. Experience in billing, monitoring, telemetry, and service analytics is a plus. Everyone on the team owns significant areas and directly contributes to the vision, direction, implementation, and ultimately the success of our products. You will collaborate on and negotiate your designs across our partner engineering teams and work closely with our PMs to design, build, and maintain an extensible and self-serve telemetry service that will lay the foundation for both internal and external customers What’s in it for you? - Work on the biggest of the big data services in Microsoft - you will be delivering end-customer features that will deliver new capabilities to both internal and external customers who depend on us to run their business. - Live the services culture: Embrace and learn in a fast paced, live-site focused environment -delivering customer value with everything we do. - The opportunity to work in a world class engineering team with a senior team of engineers, architects, and leadership; a set of peers and mentors that will help you grow your career on the fast track. - Ultimately, help pave a bright future for the Big Data platform and the people who need it to solve big problems Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or IT related technical discipline • 5+ years of professional software development experience, shipping external customer facing services or applications • 5+ years of C#, C++, or other object-oriented development experience Preferred Qualifications: • Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Professional experience in one or more of the commonly used parallel/distributed systems/technologies (Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, MPI, CUDA, Hive, Java, C++, C#, AWS, Azure). • Application of skills in Data mining, statistical modeling, advanced analytics, or machine learning • Proficiency with R, SAS, MATLAB, and other mathematical development technologies • Experience with data visualization technologies such as Telerik • MS/PhD in Machine Learning, Data Mining or Data Science Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 290589 1055722 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 