 Back to search results Prev Job 205 of 500 Next SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER The Data and Analytics team in Universal Store runs one of the largest and most impactful data platforms in the company. Our telemetry and analytics pipeline already processes data events from hundreds of millions of Windows and Xbox devices and more than a hundred thousand cloud servers. We are well on our way to processing a trillion events a day. Building on foundations from around the company as well as Open Source community, the platform is used to solve data questions relating to device health, user engagement, service availability, business metrics and more. Thousands of engineers, data scientists and business owners across the company rely on the timeliness and quality of the data. We are looking for individuals with unique combination of analytical and engineering skills, capable of applying latest methods of statistical and machine learning towards a variety of real-life scenarios across Asimov real-time and Map/Reduce pipelines. You’ll act as an expert the area of machine learning/statistics to serve the growing needs for automated data analysis, hypothesis testing and automated insights generation. In this role, you will be responsible for developing models and algorithms for anomaly detection, process and experience optimization and automated analysis of the multivariate data for complex system, consisting of millions of clients and many live services. You’ll also have an opportunity to contribute to internet-scale services for telemetry monitoring, targeting and personalization used broadly across Universal Store, WDG and Microsoft. Successful candidate would have the following qualifications: Required: • 5+ years of experience designing and shipping software products Preferred: • 2+ years demonstrated experience in designing and developing internet scale services and supporting them in production • Strong background and interest in statistical learning, machine learning and algorithms • Experience with service intelligence, telemetry systems and using them to monitor internet-scale services in production • Strong design and programming skills in C# / C++ / Java • Excellent analytical skills • Familiarity with R / Python is a plus • Experience with large scale data processing/analytical systems • Ability to work independently and in a team setting and be able to research innovative solutions for challenging business/technical problem • Experience with large scale analytical map-reduce systems like COSMOS or Hadoop implementations is a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 304738 1061091 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 