 Back to search results Prev Job 113 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer In Analog, people-not devices-are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together-whether that’s colleagues brainstorming around a giant digital whiteboard, scientists “meeting” on the surface of a virtual Mars, or some yet undreamt-of possibility. To get there, we’re incorporating diverse groundbreaking technologies, from the revolutionary Holographic Processing Unit to computer vision, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and more. We’re a growing team of talented engineers and artists putting technology on a human path across all Windows devices, including Microsoft HoloLens, the Internet of Things, phones, tablets, desktops, Xbox, and Surface Hub. We believe there has to be a better way. If you do too, we need you! Our team enables Analog to drive the evolution of these revolutionary technologies by leveraging product usage based data. We leverage data to understand quality of service, user engagement, user sentiment, developer engagement, application usage. We enabled engineers easy access to this data in order to drive engineering by producing reusable extensible platforms that shape big data into actionable data sets. What you’ll do We’re looking for an experienced Data engineer who is passionate about transforming data into action. You’ll partner with engineers and data scientists to produce data streams that will feed our reports, frameworks and insights. You will explore the data to find actionable insights and partner with program managers, engineers and other data scientists to support product level data driven decision making. What you'll need • 6+ years of relevant programming skills • Excellent programming skills in Java, C#, Scala, Python, C++, C, or other languages. • Experience with large scale (structured and unstructured) data processing and analysis tools (Cosmos/Scope, ElasticSearch/Kibana, HDInsight, Hadoop, SQL, etc.) • Experience analyzing data with advanced tools like Excel, Python, R, SAS, Matlab, AzureML, etc. • Strong customer focus and passionate on doing the right thing for the customer • Be a self-starter with a strong passion about the power of data and analysis • Ability to intelligently integrate a wide range of data sources and analysis to answer core business questions • Excellent communications skills – able to present and discuss data models and analysis to a range of audiences, in a concise and effective manner Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. wdg.analog Job # 272371 1009168 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies HoloLens Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 