 Back to search results Prev Job 366 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Are you looking for a highly influential product engineering role where you get to dive deep into program and service data to develop insights that shape and positively impact developers, customers and our services every day? Do you want to be a critical contributor to one of the company’s fastest growing businesses? If so, then we are looking for you! As sales of Azure Active Directory (AAD) continue to grow the Identity CXP (IDCxP) team is helping quickly onboard customers to our services and developers to our platform. Our goal is to ensure a great customer and partner experience, and we are creating a responsive data-driven customer/engineering feedback loop to drive greater adoption and usage of the service. Our @Scale Customer Intelligence team is building the engineering capability necessary to truly drive and be accountable for the full lifecycle of AAD customers? experiences using customer data and insights garnered from a portfolio of IDCxP programs and AAD service data, from first sales contact through streamlined onboarding to long-term customer support. We are looking for a Program Manager to help us identify opportunities and optimize our investments as the IDCxP team brings developers, customers, partners, data, and processes together. With new data and usage insights coming in from a rapidly growing customer base and fast maturing developer platform, we need bright, intelligent people that can dive into the data, make sense of it, and use it to guide the business to solve large-scale problems for Identity and Microsoft. You will: • Define and track usage and KPIs, business success metrics for developer platform related scenarios • Be a master of qualitative and quantitative analysis of app/user behavior. • Define and analyze the signals that inform the success of features and CXP programs, and where the product/program strongly resonates with customers and developers • Apply data driven insights to support customer loyalty and journey mapping initiatives • Champion features needed to improve efficiency of customer deployments and app usage with internal and external partners to gather feedback and manage dependencies • Support a culture of experimentation by understanding the data generated by related experiments, and produce actionable, trustworthy conclusions from them. • Take complex problems and the associated data and giving the answers in a concise form. Regularly present insights, status, recommendations and more to assist LT in making key business decisions. Necessary Qualifications: • 5+ years industry experience as a Program/Product manager of which at least three years building products in one or more of the following areas: Cloud services, Productivity applications/services, Business application/services, Database design, Analytics • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field - Hands on experience with data analytic tools (Power BI, SQL) • Knowledge of Machine Learning/Predictive modeling a significant plus. • Excellent collaboration skills • Strong track record of self-directed execution What we are offering the ideal candidate: • A fast paced, exciting work environment in one of the fastest growing businesses in Microsoft where there is always a new challenge. • Opportunities to showcase your talents, technical and analytical skills. • Direct impact on engineering and business decisions based upon customer and partner experience and data. #identityjob Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321880 1071610 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Products and technologies Active Directory Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 