 Back to search results Prev Job 310 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Azure Big data teams present interesting challenges in technologies such as big-data, cloud, storage and open-source. We build reliable, highly scalable and highly performing distributed systems for data analytics on Azure. We work with various open-source technologies like Hadoop, Yarn, etc., and make contributions to these technologies. We are creating a planetary scale storage system, which can scale to Exabyte of data (yes, that’s 18+ digits!). Azure services is building next generation globally distributed, elastic scale, multi-model cloud database services. It is designed to enable developers to build planet-scale applications. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of a very agile team, take on hard distributed system problems and ship high impact features at a rapid pace. As an engineer, you have an opportunity to work on the latest technology in compute and container hosting to build a massively scalable unified cloud service framework, get to work on heterogeneous transport protocols, apply innovative algorithms for solving placement and load balancing problems at scale. We need collaborative developers who can think big, deliver on those big challenges, and along the way, change the world. We’re looking for engineers to build them from the ground up. Want to change the world with data and large-scale distributed systems? Do you want to solve challenges that you didn’t even know existed until you get to a large size? Come join us on the Azure Big data team! BigData is just starting to change the world, and the BigData team at C&amp;E has one of the biggest cluster deployments in the world, running over hundreds of thousands of machines in multiple regions. Our group runs Azure Data Lake Analytics and Microsoft internal Cosmos clusters, powering all of Microsoft online assets. We are hiring for the Resource Management team, responsible for driving the kernel of our BigData products; we empower our partners to run Open Source technologies analytics engines like Spark and Hive as well as USQL and Scope at scale, while lowering COGS and improving utilization of our machines. We are responsible for driving innovation at the system level and massive distributed computation. We are looking for a hand-on, deeply technical and experience developer that has a passion for cloud service and massive-scale computation. You will have a chance to work with Open Source tools together with existing committers and potentially work toward becoming one over time. You enjoy though technical challenges and are comfortable with either Java or C#. You will have the opportunity to define, design and drive large area of improvements Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 4+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • 5+ year of professional experience in software development in large teams • Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design and Data structured • Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Great curiosity and willingness to question • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers • Experience building complex system that have successfully been delivered to customers • Knowledge of what it takes to deliver and maintain cloud based services • Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies • Experience with system architecture/design • Experience with distributed systems operating in a scalable/high volume environment **Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: *Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324993 1074440 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 