 Back to search results Prev Job 265 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer (UX) We are in the midst of a revolution in a part of computer science called machine learning. Exponential growth has transformed data into a new natural resource. Every industry has focused on exploiting advanced data analytics for competitive advantage. Business applications of advanced analytics abound: consumer companies doing targeted marketing, financial firms scoring customer credit-worthiness, retailers managing product promotions, manufacturers detecting anomalies in sensor data, &amp; many more. Our team is working on the next generation of Azure Big data platform for data scientists. The next generation enables data scientist to build solutions for Big Data problems using the power of azure high scale compute and services. Our culture is execution focused, collaborative, and passionate. We are looking for great, creative Engineers who are able to think outside the box. Familiarity and excitement for building high-quality user interfaces and experiences are key to our vision. If you are passionate about developing delightful user experiences that empower customers to seamlessly use Big Data and Machine Learning services on Azure, then there is an opportunity to join the azure machine learning team in Boston. What will you do: - Develop and design user interfaces for machine learning workflows in Azure (graphical, command line as well as programmatic) - Mentor junior members of the team on best practices and lead by example - Interact with and guide development of services in the azure cloud. - Collaborate with other engineers and program managers to identify challenges and design a solution for them. - Leverage existing open source tools and libraries in your day-to-day work. - Architect, build and maintain products for machine learning - Mentor junior engineers in the team. Who are you: - BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering or any equivalent. - 5+ years’ experience in software engineering. - You have experience writing large UI applications, and the associated software engineering best practices - You have experience with agile and SCRUM methodologies. - You are familiar with many open source tools and libraries and engaged with the community. - You are a strong developer enjoys writing code and tests. - You are very comfortable with Javascript and/or Typescript - Plus: You have experience with data science and Machine Learning. Basic Qualifications: - 5+ years’ experience in software engineering - Experience in JavaScript OR TypeScript AND UI Applications - BS in computer science or engineering Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 308351 1068488 Locations United States, Cambridge (MA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 