 Back to search results Prev Job 2 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist What if your job description were simply ?Make tomorrow better?? That?s the essence of roles within our team. Are you a data scientist who can bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenge yourself and re-imagine what is into what can be? Do you want to manage and use data to design data-driven controlled experiments? We are looking for experienced data scientists who know how to solve complex big data problems, work with algorithms, analyze big data and can run controlled experiments. We are the Experimentation Team at Microsoft and part of Artificial Intelligence &amp; Research (AI &amp; Research). Daily, new data sources and signals come in and we need intelligent people who can dive into that data, make sense of it, and use it to solve large-scale problems all around AI &amp; Research and Microsoft. What you will do: ? Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to develop experiments and provide algorithmic problem-solving solutions. ? Build data manipulation, processing, and data visualization tools and share these tools and your knowledge across the team, ASG, and Microsoft. ? Handle large amounts of data using various tools, including your own. We prefer knowledge of Java, C++ or C# as well as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Spark but are open to all languages. ? Ensure high-quality data and understand how that data which is generated out experimental design can produce actionable, trustworthy conclusions. ? Partner with internal clients such as Xbox, Skype for Business, Microsoft Office 365 ? Drive end-to-end projects by utilizing, applying and analyzing data associated business problems. ? Assist senior management in making key business decisions. Qualifications: ? Bachelor?s or Master?s degree in a quantitative field, and at least 3 years of relevant work experience. PhD preferred. ? Strong programming skills - We?re programming-language agnostic so welcome all languages but prefer Java, C++, C# with tools such as Hadoop, Spark, Pig or Hive in your background. ? Scripting knowledge in Python, R, MATLAB, Perl, SQL or similar languages. ? Strong algorithmic problem-solving skills. ? Applied statistics &amp; mathematics skills: p-values, confidence intervals, regression, classification, and optimization are core lingo. ? Superior verbal, visual and written communication skills to educate and work with cross functional teams on controlled experiments. ? A willingness to learn, share, and improve. ? Experimentation design or A/B testing experience is preferred. XIPERGX Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325958 1078890 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 