 Back to search results Prev Job 214 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager Do you believe in using data to create great user experiences? If you are looking for an opportunity that has potential to positively impact Microsoft customers, improve Microsoft Business Cloud consumption, to join an expanding and motivated PM team, we have a role for you. C+E marketplaces team is looking for a Lead Principal Program Manager to take marketplace experience to next level. In this role, you will lead a PM team delivering marketplace experience for developer and business user based on common platform. We?re looking for an entrepreneurial, highly driven lead PM with an eye for detail, passion for data and business strategy. We expect you to growth hack, dream up smart ideas, implement and evaluate them. You will interface with partner teams to meet business requirements, ideate solution to accelerate adoption, and participate in experiment analysis and decision making. You will work closely with management to drive data driven decision making. Expertise in designing, running and scaling services is a must. Responsibilities include: Developing new service capabilities and interfaces Partnering with feature teams to design experimentation programs Designing tools to scale analysis activities Optimizing experimentation quality and processes Developing and refining metrics for evaluating success Preferred Qualifications: Experience designing and operating online services; and defining and improving operational metrics Passion for data driven decision making Experience in online user behavior research and experimentation Demonstrated program management skills Excellent communication and cross group collaboration skills Past experience in building user experiences and web technologies is a plus A BA/BS or Masters in Computer Science 8+ years of experience shipping software as a PM. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com Job # 289645 1054202 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 