 Back to search results Prev Job 364 of 500 Next Senior Program Manager We are looking for a strong PM to work on premium E5 value for Office 365 eDiscovery. Customers use our eDiscovery tools to search and analyze user content in response to litigation, regulatory requests, or when they need to conduct internal investigations. And our team provides a platform that extracts and correlates intelligence from customer content in Office 365, and builds analytical tools on top of that intelligence for customer legal and security teams. The ideal candidate would be comfortable with Search / Information Retrieval technologies, ML and AI to support technology assisted search scenarios on massive datasets, and data visualization for complex data. This is a great time to join the Office 365 team, as it leads the future of cloud and mobile productivity. And as productivity scenarios evolve, we’re also evolving the intelligence that we derive in the cloud. We are using that intelligence to power new high value solutions, as well as to surface new insights back to customers. Team: Our team is part of the Information Protection Service for Office 365. This service provides customer facing solutions in the security and compliance space e.g. eDiscovery, Data Governance, Data Loss Prevention, Threat Intelligence, and Advanced Threat Protection. These solutions drive premium E5 customer value in Office 365, and we operate machine learning at a massive scale to power them. We work closely with enterprise customers, and a partner network that services these customers. Role: We are looking for a strong and experienced PM to work on analytical tools for the Office 365 Security and Compliance Center. The ideal candidate is comfortable driving vision, strategy and planning for his/her feature areas. Experience working on Search / Information Retrieval for structured and unstructured data is an advantage. Responsibilities: - Drive new value in the Office 365 eDiscovery area - Design of new features, competitive analysis, and functional specifications - Pre-sales / Post-sales activities with customers and partners - Analysis of telemetry and usage data Basic Qualifications: - 7+ years of Program Management / Product Management Experience - 5+ years proven track record of shipping commercial software or online services - Strength in product design, communications, strategic planning &amp; leadership - Demonstrated experience working successfully with customers, and internal/external partners - BS or MS in Computer Science or related engineering field - Experience with UX design and data visualization - Hands-on experience with data mining and analysis of large datasets Experience we desire, but is not required: - Domain expertise in Search of structured and unstructured data - Working technical knowledge of Office 365 and Azure services - Working technical knowledge of Machine Learning and AI technologies Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322123 1070977 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 