 Back to search results Prev Job 300 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Azure Big data teams present interesting challenges in technologies such as big-data, cloud, storage and open-source. We build reliable, highly scalable and highly performing distributed systems for data analytics on Azure. We work with various open-source technologies like Hadoop, Yarn, etc., and make contributions to these technologies. We are creating a planetary scale storage system, which can scale to Exabyte of data (yes, that’s 18+ digits!). Azure services is building next generation globally distributed, elastic scale, multi-model cloud database services. It is designed to enable developers to build planet-scale applications. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of a very agile team, take on hard distributed system problems and ship high impact features at a rapid pace. As an engineer, you have an opportunity to work on the latest technology in compute and container hosting to build a massively scalable unified cloud service framework, get to work on heterogeneous transport protocols, apply innovative algorithms for solving placement and load balancing problems at scale. We need collaborative developers who can think big, deliver on those big challenges, and along the way, change the world. We’re looking for engineers to build them from the ground up. Want to change the world with data and large-scale distributed systems? Do you want to solve challenges that you didn’t even know existed until you get to a large size? Come join us on the Azure Big data team! If you know what an Exabyte is, and if securing it in order to protect 10 digits value of data across hundreds of thousands of computing nodes sounds cool, read on. Data is everywhere around us - the key is how secure it can be stored and processed, and at what scale. The recent data leaks across the industry are yet another reinforcement for how critical the ability is to protect the customer data in the face of the old and modern threats. This job involves creating bleeding edge efficient algorithms to ensure the real-time security on a massively-parallel supercomputer comprised of tens of thousands of commodity servers, as well as research on completely innovative approaches on security which will change how the industry thinks and develops secure services. If you think you have what it takes to take the security of the one of the world’s largest supercomputer ways beyond its current level - then this following job is for you. But to be sure, we’ve created the following self-assessment that you can use: - Is the security of a service something you consider a work of art to analyze endlessly? -Do you find yourself reading about the latest APT or crypto algorithm for the fun of learning new tricks? - Ever wonder what it would feel like to design and build the largest and most secure distributed system ever envisioned? - Want to work at a place where processing a petabyte of data is ho-hum, and where exabyte scale is just around the corner? - Do you get all worked up when you think about harnessing concurrently the power and storage of 20,000, 30,000, or 100,000 machines, working on solving problems that directly affect effectively every one of Microsoft’s businesses’? If you answered yes’ to two or more of these questions, then we have the ideal gig for you. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT related technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience. • 4+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming. Preferred Qualifications: • Master’s or PhD preferred. • Excellent organizational and time management skills. • Must be able to work closely in a team oriented environment, working directly with several team admins daily on all aspects of the business. • Great curiosity and willingness to question. • High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced competitive environment. • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner. • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes. • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems. • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers. • Outstanding C++ skills. • Not intimidated by debugging across thousands of servers. • 7+ years of development experience. • Experience in distributed systems, TDD development, and multi-threaded programming is strongly preferred. • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com Job # 323581 1074848 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 