 Back to search results Prev Job 294 of 500 Next SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER What if your job description were simply “Make tomorrow better?” That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be. We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence. We help shape the future. We empower billions of people around the globe. Bing is looking for outstanding software engineers with machine learning background to join its Data Insights team, a team responsible for identifying next set of key business investments. Key to our continued success in this dynamic search space is taking enormous volumes of data and turning them into useful, actionable information to drive increased user engagement through great Bing features and improvements. We’re talking petabytes of data about how searches succeed, how they fail, and how we can improve Bing and its partners. The ideal candidate will have experience working on a range of classification and optimization problems and apply these skills to build intelligent and efficient workflows capable of taking Bing’s data culture to the next level. Responsibilities: 1. Develop classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning to identify next set of business opportunities 2. Synthesize feature ideas from observed data patterns 3. Research new strategic and creative ways to find optimal solutions to existing problems 4. Apply software development skills to a range of existing projects 5. Provide technical leadership to other engineers Requirements: 1. Demonstrate proficiency in coding and passion to turn ideas into prototypes 2. Passionate about using data insights to get greater customer understanding 3. 3+ years of experience in applying machine learning and data mining techniques to real problems 4. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field, MS or PhD preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Job # 280069 1026530 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Teams Bing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 