 Back to search results Prev Job 51 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Microsoft Stream’s vision is to democratize consumption and creation of videos for organizations of all sizes. We are creating a video solution that goes beyond simple tasks like upload and playback and becomes a core part of your company’s fabric enabling everyone to learn, anywhere at their own pace. It also helps leaders in organizations to connect with employees. Video adds a human element to communication and we want to Stream to power this for anyone wanting to reach out. We believe that the heart of building a compelling solution is data and lots of it. We are looking for a Data Scientist for Microsoft Stream to help shape the future of what we build. We have millions of people across thousands of companies using Microsoft Stream actively. As such, you will enjoy a very rich data set and you will have the ability to use this data to shape what we build in Stream next - what features we build, what experiments we run and transform how we learn from customer’s usage. Responsibilities: • Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products • Partner with Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities • Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches The Data Scientist / Analyst role will influence many dimensions: Product Operations – • Forecasting and setting product team goals • Designing and evaluating experiments • Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics • Building and analyzing dashboards and reports • Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis • Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis – • Proposing what to build in the next roadmap • Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends • Identifying new levers to help move key metrics • Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership – • Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations • Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams • Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years of experience manipulating data sets through statistical analysis and querying software (ex. R, Kusto, Cosmos, SQL) or other methods • 2+ years of experience applying statistical data analysis to real-life problems • BS in statistics, math or equivalent major Preferred Qualifications: • Advanced degrees • Ability to communicate the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product • Ability to present data and communicate analysis results in a way that doesn’t require statistical background to understand • Ability to automate data analysis steps • Understanding of statistical data analysis techniques used for classification, regression, clustering, dimensionality reduction, anomaly detection • Experience with Azure Data Lake and Azure Machine Learning BAPIJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 284467 1047656 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 