 Back to search results Prev Job 61 of 500 Next Senior Data Scientist Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to be part of a team lighting up actionable insights to help the organization make business decisions? Office Insight team is looking for a passionate, creative, analytical and experienced data scientist who loves big data, curious to explore and unveil insights and create a business story to impact key business decisions. This is a vital role driving and optimizing our lead scoring models, lead routing, and account prioritization. The scope also includes measurement, and extensive stakeholder engagement. You will collaborate closely with and leverage efforts of data analysts, data engineers, and other members of the Global Demand Center analytics team. Our team plays a key role in providing data and analytics within the Office Marketing group and owns the end to end decision sciences charter that includes: • bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth • creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health • building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans over marketing, partners, finance and engineering areas. Responsibilities: • Design, prototype, implement and test descriptive and predictive analytics models • Work with data engineers to architect and develop systems that can run these models at scale • Partner with teams to identify and explore opportunities for the application of machine learning and predictive analysis • Perform ad-hoc exploratory and explanatory analysis • Ingest, transform, and manipulate massive datasets in Cosmos or Hadoop or equivalent • Provide machine learning and analytical leadership to internal partners Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of experience in SQL, R, Python to implement statistical models, machine learning, and analysis (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, time series forecasting, regression models, etc.) in big data environment Preferred Qualifications: • Master or Bachelor degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science or related field • Experience in demand generation marketing, lead scoring models, web attribution, Sirius Decision marketing lead generation frameworks and measurement preferred • Experience on large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, Mapreduce and/or similar systems is a big plus • Exceptional written and verbal communication and presentation skill • Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. #OfficeMktg Job # 321537 1071690 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 