 Back to search results Prev Job 369 of 500 Next Senior RSDE Microsoft’s Technology and Research is seeking an experienced software development engineer to design and develop advanced enterprise focused search experience to improve the customer’s engagement by reducing the support cost, and improve customer’s satisfaction. We are looking for a passionate, creative, analytical and experienced individual who love information retrieval, information extraction, machine learning and shipping fast at massive scale. As a Senior Software Engineer you will design and build knowledge extraction algorithms from both Web and enterprise data, machine learning algorithms for text processing, question answering algorithms, data ingestion and serving systems, and applications to enable the advanced enterprise search experience. The person must have a strong R&amp;D background in machine learning, Web scale knowledge extraction and natural language processing. Experience with a diversity of Microsoft architectures, tech transfer and product development processes is ideal. Experience in areas like deep learning, spoken language systems, web search technology, and personalized Web services is also a plus. Basic Qualifications: 1. 5+ years of professional software development, with at least 5 years in big data machine learning. Preferred Qualifications: 1. A Master in Computer Science or Mathematics. 2. Background in big data machine learning and natural language processing systems. 3. Experience with knowledge extraction and modeling. 4. Experience with cloud computing. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324945 1077652 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Research Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 