 Back to search results Prev Job 292 of 500 Next Senior Software Engineer Office365 has made Microsoft into the largest SaaS company in the world. With over 100 million regular users and the fastest growth in the industry, it represents the world’s largest store of human behavioral and network data about work. This data has tremendous potential to inform and increase organizational productivity around the world. We are pioneering the translation of email, calendar and other enterprise signals into anonymous, aggregated, predictive data about what people do and why it matters. This is your opportunity to join us to work on the next phase of enterprise productivity. Who we are: We have a startup culture - dreaming big, working hands-on with customers, and daring to build something that has never been built before. Our team applies cutting edge big data analytics, visualization technology and hyper scale services to empower executives, managers, and individuals to better understand and focus their own time and their team’s time on their important priorities. Who you are: Strong, highly motivated engineer with a passion to enable the best possible experiences to our customers. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity and a shifting landscape. Have experience with Azure or other cloud services, passionate about iterating fast, and getting the right design for our customers. With entrepreneurial spirit and a can-do attitude. Curious about machine learning, understand efficient data structures, familiar with algorithms and have a track record of shipping software based services. Basic Qualifications: - 6+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience Preferred Qualifications: - Hands on experience in architectural design and implementation of large scale big data use cases - Experience working in a startup environment or v1 products - Experience with using machine learning and data analysis techniques on real datasets - DevOps Experience supporting production systems - Proficiency in object oriented development, with C# and .Net preferred - Strong computer science fundamentals and proven algorithm design capability - Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 284864 1048257 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 