 Back to search results Prev Job 229 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II Come join the Windows Defender team that is dedicated to eradicating malware from the Windows ecosystem, in turn protecting hundreds of millions of Windows users! We are fully integrated in the Windows operating system, combined with the state of the art backend cloud services. Our software is the key to develop and drive malware protection for Windows powered devices both in the consumer and commercial space for Windows, Windows Server, Microsoft Security Essentials, System Center Endpoint Protection, Windows Intune, O365, Azure, and many more. As a candidate on our team, you will be focused on the inbox shipping components of Windows Defender specifically Windows Defender Security Center &amp; Exploit Guard our new protection suite for Enterprise customers. Windows Defender Security Center is the landing page in Windows 10 for various pillars like Health, Firewall, AV etc. We are adding more pillars for our upcoming releases and there is new &amp; exciting data engineering work that needs to be implemented for these new pillars. Exploit Guard is aimed at better protection &amp; resiliency for Enterprises and the work here involves validating the SecOps admin scenarios in Enterprises and also engaging with customers directly &amp; analyzing their data to understand adoption blockers, feature effectiveness etc. We are looking for a highly talented software engineer who loves big data to source and analyze the data to measure the reliability, performance, usage, contribution to protection etc. and also interact with customers to gain customer insights on the scenarios we are delivering from feedback &amp; data perspective. The candidate will be responsible to measure, find and pinpoint issues in our product through data and drive changes back to improve overall protection level and performance! Basic Qualifications: ● 3+ years of experience software engineering Requirements: ● Bachelor’s degree or higher in a Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent experience ● Experience with SCOPE/COSMOS scripting or other data analysis technologies ● Strong coding skills in C#/.Net ● Strong problem solving, testing, debugging and data analysis skills ● Good communication and cross-group collaboration skills ● Knowledge / background in Machine Learning is a plus We are not considering international candidates at this point for this position. ENSQJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320742 1070043 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 