 Back to search results Prev Job 315 of 500 Next Software Engineer II The internet is a dangerous place, and the bad guys are getting more ingenious. Come join the fight to protect our customers! We take Big Data, add Machine Learning and applied mathematics to build intelligent systems that fight criminals and defend our customers from malware and abuse. In Windows Defender, we build large-scale systems supporting hundreds of millions of clients, mega-scale services that handle greater than 10B request per day, and massive data analysis pipelines that process petabytes of data. We’re successful in fighting abuse because of the close partnership that we’ve built between developers, researchers and data analysts. We're looking for an experienced software engineer to help us build Windows Defender services and fight bad guys. You will fill a vital role in the battle against malware and abuse and see the results of your work contributing to the protection of hundreds of millions of Microsoft's customers. This requires working closely with OS client teams to build and evolve systems capable of assessing the risk when navigating to any particular Url (true Internet scale), and when executing applications in Windows. You will be expected to guide the design and evolution of the system and to define the technical evolution of the systems, including working with research on developing new algorithms and protection scenarios. Candidates must have a proven track record of shipping products while dealing with ambiguity, cross-team dependencies, and schedule/resource constraints. Basic Qualifications: •A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering •2+ year developing software in in C# and/or C++ Preferred Qualifications: •Candidates must also have solid fundamental computer science skills and a passion for building large scale systems. •Good understanding of algorithms and data structures, and great communication and cross-group skills are essential. •Experience with Azure, Cosmos, SCOPE/SQL, map/reduce, building large scale web services, and big data systems is desirable. •Familiarity with concurrent/multi-threaded programming, and distributed systems are all advantageous. We encourage you to reach out to our recruiter @Heather_MSFT (https://twitter.com/Heather_MSFT) on Twitter to learn more about specifics of our team. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out and engage directly with our team. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325214 1077165 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 