 Back to search results Prev Job 184 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II Do you want to work on cutting edge web technologies, empowering Microsoft to achieve more with data on an agile team? The Data and Analytics (DNA) team in Universal Store provides big data platforms and tools that power data driven scenarios and analytics across the Windows &amp; Devices Group (WDG) and beyond. Our reach starts with a billion Windows devices, to Xbox gaming, to our Consumer and Commercial Stores. Our team provides the telemetry platform and crash analytics, tools to support powerful batch data processing and streaming compute, systems alerting/monitoring and analytics capabilities with rich data visualizations. These platforms provide rich tools that surface massive amounts of data, pushing the boundaries of what is achievable in the browser. We are creating a next generation web app platform enabling developers to deliver data applications faster, that showcase innovate data visualizations, interaction patterns and query models. We are looking for someone that: - Loves the OSS web stack, and wants to learn React and Redux, GIT, NPM and Webpack. - Is deeply passionate about the modern web, product design and end-user experiences (UX) and interface design (UI). - Enjoys a fast, agile environment, prototyping and iterating on designs, collaborating with other feature teams. Basic Qualifications: - BA/BS Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or 4 equivalent practical experience. - Experience with modern web technologies. Other Qualifications: - Knowledge of computer science, with strong competencies in web OSS technologies, UI patterns and data structures. - Experience with object oriented design, coding, testing patterns, and programming languages (C#, JavaScript/TypeScript etc.) - Experience building scalable products on top of distributed systems. - Proven coding skills in JavaScript/TypeScript, AJAX, database design and SQL, and HTTP stacks. - Experience building web applications and services with AAD integration running on Azure or Elastic Autopilot. - Experience with relational databases (transactional and non-transactional), database architecture, and distributed transaction management. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325217 1077765 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 