 Back to search results Prev Job 302 of 500 Next Software Engineer Seeking candidates who love to code and to build network systems and services, taking things from idea to production. Join us to build Microsoft’s cloud network infrastructure and services, and make a difference to millions of people across the planet. Azure networking invents, codes, automates and runs Microsoft’s network - all physical and virtual networks, and all hardware and software for networking host to host, across the Microsoft cloud: high speed packet and connection processing, highly available distributed systems for control, monitoring and automation, load balancing, network security and DDoS protection, DNS and traffic management, proxies and gateways, network analytics and data science, and creating core systems and tools for engineering effectiveness for network developers. Azure networking responsibilities spans the full networking space: optical, NIC and host, data center, metro area, wide area, CDN. We pioneered and continue to refine the SDN and network virtualization principles that first and third parties utilize to offer low cost, high performance, and highly reliable compute, storage and networking services. We are writing and scaling services at large scale, meeting huge and growing demands for scale and functionality. Cloud economics are compelling. New and important scenarios to tackle emerge every day. Azure networking provides an opportunity rich environment for great developers to tackle hard problems and to ship weekly as part of a small and agile team. We look for passion, excellence and accomplishment in software, distributed systems, data science and hardware. Don’t worry if you lack experience in networking. Experience in building large scale services is a plus. We love open source and contribute actively to open source, in particular via OCP, where you can find our SAI and SONiC switch abstraction layer and firmware. We work closely with Microsoft Research on cutting edge innovation. This is a high visibility position in an area of large and expanding investment for Microsoft Azure and offers a terrific opportunity for technical and career growth. A successful candidate will bring: • Experience with real time data analysis • Experience with machine learning and other data mining techniques • Some Knowledge of networking and Network protocols Basic Requirements: • 1+ years of software development experience Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321808 1069388 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 