 Back to search results Prev Job 121 of 500 Next Software Engineer II We are looking for a Software Engineer to join the data analytics and reporting platform team within Office Modern Assistance and Support Experience team (MAX). The candidate will work as a part of a data engineering team focused on building out the data infrastructure and reporting platform used to deliver key organizational reporting and analysis. As our volume of data and the demand for analysis and reporting solutions grows, we need a strong and experienced SWE who can help design, develop, and manage day to day operations within our data infrastructure and pipeline. Responsibilities: Develop high quality data sets and reporting solutions that address business and analyst requirements. • Drive increased efficiencies of the data platform through development of data pipeline automation and orchestration components. • Work with feature teams to develop the data collection and instrumentation plan necessary for measuring the impact of feature improvements. • Function in a developer/ops role for the data platform by ensuring operational efficiency and established data quality assurance processes are met. • Provide strategic thinking and planning around how we address and support business needs through the use of latest and greatest Microsoft BI stack technologies. Basic Qualifications: • Experience in Cosmos or Hadoop and one of the following required: SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, PowerBI, TSQL, Scope, C3, PowerShell. • Bachelor’s degree required; strong preference for Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Software or Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science. Other Qualifications/Experience: • Proven ability to deliver end-to-end, data related solutions leveraging the complete MS BI stack. • Deep developer background and coding experience. • Proficient working within large data sets (structured and unstructured), relational databases, and OLAP cubes. • Previous experience working with large scale Internet services and particularly with the analytics systems supporting those services. Experience with web analytics data collection services (wedcs, webtrends, omniture) is a huge plus. • Data modeling, database design and database administration skills. • Strong customer focus with deep passion toward delivering data to end users that is in turn used for making data driven decisions that result in measurable business impact. • Exposure to predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining algorithms (clustering, regression, multivariate testing, classification). • Experience in Azure, Azure Data Warehouse, and Azure Data Factory is a strong plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325948 1079215 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Content publishing (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 