 Back to search results Prev Job 206 of 500 Next Software Engineer Microsoft SEALS / TIGER Team Come work and learn with us, nourish your career and impact millions of customers Are you someone with a passion for technology and engineering excellence? Do you enjoy solving the most complex engineering problems? Do you want to work on projects where results of your work are shipped quickly and immediate feedback from the customers is available? Are you interested in learning the breadth of technologies that exist in the Data Group at Microsoft that includes SQL Server (the most widely deployed database in the world), Azure SQL DB (a cloud based variant of SQL Server) and Big Data / Advanced Analytics (BD &amp; AA) Azure and Open Source based services - such as Massively Distributed Systems, Data Lakes, Hadoop/HDInsight, ML and Microsoft R Services? As part of the Microsoft Data Group our team focuses on customer success by ensuring mission critical solutions work seamlessly and efficiently. We deliver best-in-class customer success experience, designing and building rich supportability features and deliver performance and scalability enhancements for in-market releases of SQL Server and teams that build and operationalize end-to-end Predictive Analytics solutions; design/code performance, scalability and feature enhancements in the suite of BD &amp; AA services, enhancing their supportability and helping their wider adoption. Our team has got wide recognition for working and solving mission critical issues, delivering bug fixes for released products, as well as product enhancements. We are looking for systems level software engineers with a passion for code and solid fundamentals to join this growing team and have opportunities to work on the breadth and depth of the SQL Server Database Engine and Massive Scale Azure based BD &amp; AA Services. You will get to work on areas such as Programmability, Query Optimization and Execution, Logging and Recovery, Transaction Manager, High-Scale Synchronization Primitives, Memory Management, Buffer Management, High Availability technologies and Data Replication. In addition, you will have the opportunity to work on ‘hybrid’ scenarios that involve databases both on premises and in the cloud. The learning opportunities also spread over a broad spectrum of technologies across Cloud and On-Premises (Big Data/Hadoop ecosystem, Data Lakes etc.;) and Analytics (powered by R, ML, Batch, Interactive, Stream workloads etc.;). If you are a Systems engineer you’d love the challenge around storage, network, scale, perf, query optimization for massively distributed systems and the predictive analytics scenarios powered by them. This team offers a great opportunity for engineers looking to work in a highly supportive but intellectually challenging environment. The business impact you will have in helping our Data Platform penetrate deeper into the enterprise segment would be amazing. The breadth of components you will be working on, and the scope of impact you will be making will provide excellent opportunities for further career growth. Our team fosters a supportive and productive work environment and is known for providing growth avenues for developers to reach the highest levels at Microsoft. Qualifications: 1) BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 2) System level programming using C/C++ or C#/Java, other object oriented development environment 3) Excellent troubleshooting, debugging and problem solving skills 4) Self-motivated and willing to learn Additional preferred (but not all required) experience: 1) Experience building high performance, scalable systems are preferred but not required 2) Development experience in RDBMS or related server technologies is preferred but not required 3) Solid knowledge in Data Platforms and Cloud Services 4) Experienced with OSS Hadoop technologies 5) Experienced with Enterprise services 6) Solid technical background building and implementing applications on Linux and Microsoft platforms Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Job # 273729 1011947 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 