 Back to search results Prev Job 167 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Office is at the center of Microsoft's efforts to empower our users to do more. Across mobile, web and desktop we are reinventing how people create, edit and interact with their documents, embracing a core belief that you should have the best-of-breed experience irrespective of device. Data Insights and Growth (DIG) is at the core of this, providing indispensable insights &amp; state of the art data capabilities to make our customers happier and grow. Our mission is to drive customer engagement and satisfaction through innovative modern data solutions that help Office teams understand and improve the incredible breadth and depth of Office products. We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer to join our Telemetry Team. Our telemetry systems are the bedrock of our data-informed culture, providing insights and telemetry across millions of clients daily and used by engineering teams to respond to customer feedback, steer future investments and ensure our customers have the best experience possible daily. Processing billions of events daily, our systems are highly scalable and support both business and product intelligence through custom portals, batch-processed results and near-real-time tools for ad-hoc data analysis, learning on data to detect actionable anomalies. Engineers throughout Office use these systems to make product decisions to shape the future of Office. As a Software Engineer in the telemetry team, you will have the ability to impact millions of people daily, shape the future of our telemetry systems and build systems at the core of our engineering and product. Successful candidates will demonstrate a sense of urgency, high judgment, rock solid engineering and the ability to go deep into new technologies. Working across Microsoft you will have access to cutting edge technologies and will be expected to find the best-of-breed solution for our partners and be prepared to lead with code. Basic Qualifications: 3 years’ experience in software engineering Java, C++ or C# Preferred Qualifications: Exceptional coding skills in one of the following C++, C# or Java required; Exposure to react.js is a plus Experience in highly scalable web services, data processing, near-real-time systems and “big data” problems BA/BS in Computer Science (Relevant work experience can substitute) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324654 1077257 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 