 Back to search results Prev Job 173 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II The Microsoft Data and Analytics Team is looking for a great engineer who is passionate about Big Data. As part of the Windows Error Reporting team (code name Watson), you will be working on the bleeding edge of building Big Data pipelines to handle the huge amount of daily-ingested data. If working in the Big Data space excites you then come join our team. Watson is one of the critical feedback channels for all Microsoft development teams as well as third party developers. As an engineer in this space, you will have the opportunity to build high throughput, low-latency data pipelines that are super critical to all Microsoft engineering teams. The ideal candidate will have: - BS or MS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience - Knowledge of programming languages (C#, Data Languages such as T-SQL) - Knowledge of distributed systems - Great interpersonal skills In addition, experience in any of the following areas is a plus: - Azure, PaaS, IaaS, REST, Odata - Big Data languages &amp; system (e.g. Hadoop) - Stream processing - Machine learning Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 286949 1049972 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 