 Back to search results Prev Job 278 of 500 Next Software Engineer 2 Office Customer Voice - Office 365 is the leader of Microsoft’s mobile first, cloud first strategy. Office 365 was the fastest business in Microsoft to reach $1B revenue and this growth has continued with sustained double or even triple digit YoY growth as customers transition from boxed software to the cloud. More and more people enjoy having Office available on all their devices wherever they are. Our team connects what the customer says to the Office engineering/PM teams. We help the Office teams be customer obsessed! The Office Customer Voice (OCV) team brings customer voice data from all over the planet into one centralized system with engaging UI and fast full text search. We make it easy to understand our customers by gathering Customer Support, In-Product Feedback, Surveys, Store Reviews, Help Content, and Forums and reasoning over it all. In OCV, we have democratized the customer voice data. Now we are working hard to democratize Insights into the data. At scale, we’ve implemented self-serve, full control supervised (classification) and unsupervised (clustering) learning with a front end UX to make it easy and convenient to route customer voice items to owning teams and group like items together into customer issues. We have researched and implemented a variety of text processing tech along with machine learning (ML) that helps teams save time in triaging and making sense of the large number of customer voice items per month they receive. While we have made great strides, there is a lot more work to be done to leverage the latest ML techniques to provide engineering and PM teams with inexpensive Insights and save them time. If you love learning and implementing the latest ML techniques and/or want to bring the customer voice closer to engineering/PM teams to make an impact, then this is the team for you! We’re looking for a remarkable and top performing Software Engineer 2 who thrives in a fast-moving agile team to join our hard working and fun loving group with strengths in coding, problem solving, driving for outcomes, working as a team, and collaborating. You will work on our top initiatives: • Data we can trust in OCV data platform. OCV based in Azure and leverages ADF, Blob, Document DB, Elastic Search, Cosmos, and Angular.js. • Surfacing customer voice signal to assist in build promotion from internal to production audience groups. • Providing customer voice signal to assist in handling customer support scenarios with exceptional customer satisfaction. As a member of the OCV team, your responsibilities will include many of the following: • Work closely with PM and Data Scientists to bring together the latest techniques (machine learning, active learning, deep learning, natural language processing, etc…) to reason over customer voice items in an engaging user experience. • Provide convenient and easy workflows in a simple UI to gain insights into the data. • Analyze data for customer insights • Enable data-driven decisions using telemetry • Find and fix top customer pain points Requirements: • A BS degree in Computer Science or related experience • 3-5 years’ experience shipping production quality software • Experience with the following: C#, C/C++, Java, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS Desirable Experience: Azure, Angular, REST APIs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307829 1066331 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 