 Back to search results Prev Job 160 of 500 Next Software Engineer What we do: At the Cloud AI group, our vision is to make machine learning and artificial intelligence on the cloud accessible to every enterprise, data scientist, developer, information worker, consumer, and device anywhere in the world. We empower organizations around the globe to utilize Microsoft machine learning and AI services and transform their products, services and processes with data and insights. We are a fast-paced team within the Microsoft AI &amp; Research organization working on AI tools/environments that have been growing user base exponentially over the last couple of years. Our tools drive the widespread adoption of Machine Learning and AI on the cloud, by providing a highly productive experimentation and modeling environment to help teams of data scientists and data professionals be highly productive with AI. We design, build and operationalize data science tools and environments to create end-to-end solutions for high value customer &amp; partner scenarios leveraging big data, scalable systems. What you will do: We are looking for senior software engineers who are passionate about building data science tools and environments that help our customers build intelligent applications. As a key member of the data science tools and environments team, you will work closely with data scientists and software engineers in several organizations at Microsoft as well as in external customer and partner organizations to develop tools for productive and scalable AI on the cloud. You will also participate in developing end-to-end data science /AI workflows and reference solution patterns using these tools as well as presenting these at conferences and workshops. Skills we need: • 2+ Years’ experience in software development • 1+ Years’ experience with C#, C++, Java, Python or R AND SQL • Strong hands on experience with one or more of the following Big Data technology stack such Spark, Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive, Hbase, HDFS or other distributed file systems. • Solid understanding of cloud development principles and patterns such as loose coupling, clean separation of services and scaled out parallel processing. • Nice to have experience with Azure or AWS. • A strong background in data structures, algorithms and analysis of algorithm complexity. • Experience with designing and developing test automation frameworks, detailed test plans and driving product quality with passion. • Experience in architecting highly-available and scalable software systems is highly desired. • Experience with software development tools such as source control systems (e.g., git), automated build systems, compilers, software validation systems and test harnesses. • Deliver tools and solutions in an Agile methodology and use continuous integration, validation and deployment. • Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate with data scientists, software engineers and program managers in multiple organizations. • Demonstrated customer focus and good bias for getting things done, fast and right, engaging for action and delivering results fast and with quality. • Familiarity or ability to quickly ramp up with machine learning, deep learning, data mining, and/or data science. • Strong intellectual curiosity and passion about learning new technologies • BS in computer science or engineering Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321066 1070229 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 