 Back to search results Prev Job 307 of 500 Next Software Engineer 2 Excited to be part of Microsoft’s data-driven transformation? Want to leverage over 1.8 billion users to show causal impact of features? Have a passion for finding simple and innovative solutions to difficult engineering problems? Excited to work in an agile environment alongside world-class data scientists to advance the field of online experimentation (www.exp-platform.com)? We want to hear from you! The Analysis and Experimentation Team is building a world-class experimentation platform used to accelerate innovations across Microsoft. We work directly with partners such as Office, Bing, Windows, xBox, Skype, and Azure to enable trustworthy evaluation of new ideas: What factors affect the quality of the Bing user experience? What causes users to make a first payment with XBox? How does a new Outlook feature impact Office’s business metrics? Our dev team is pushing the envelope for how data is leveraged and helping change the way software is built; the work you do will have a direct impact on Microsoft and its current and future line of products and services. What you’ll do: - Design/build, enhance and maintain distributed services. - Distill data insights and automate platform actions from thousands of product metrics. - Write high quality code - Set direction and priority to maximize impact. - Collaborate closely with data scientists and engineers. - Challenge those around you. Required Qualifications: - Bachelors’ or Masters’ degree in Computer Science or a related field. - 4 years of experience in design and problem-solving skills, with a proven track record of engineering excellence at scale. - 4 years of experience in coding skills in C++, Java, or C#. - Web-based application development experience with HTML5, JavaScript and JS Frameworks. - Extensive knowledge of database design and programming. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. - Curiosity and willingness to learn, share and improve. Preferred Qualifications: - Proven track record of successfully delivering large-scale distributed systems. - Experience with client/server performance optimization. - Experience in statistical data analysis at web-scale. - Experience in user interface design. - Familiarity with data analysis tools and statistical packages, such as R and MATLAB. - PhD in Computer Science or a related field Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Basic Qualifications: - 4 years of professional software development experience. - 1 year experience with a programming language such as C++, C# or Java. - 1 year experience in data structures, algorithms and software engineering concepts. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. A&amp;E Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325930 1078872 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 