 Back to search results Prev Job 177 of 500 Next Software Engineer II This team is responsible for reporting on the health, performance, security and protection of customers using all forms of Windows devices from PCs and tablets to phones and embedded devices. The team builds seamless experiences developers making the next generation of Windows devices and for consumers that want Windows devices they’ll love, and peace of mind that their devices and data are kept safe. OS Security creates experiences around technologies like Windows Hello for PIN, Face, Fingerprint and password sign-in, and protects Windows customer data with Bitlocker and Windows Information Protection. Microsoft and Windows promise its partners and consumers devices that are truly secure with technologies like DeviceGuard and Code Integrity. The “data wave” is well underway in the software industry, and Microsoft and Windows are committed to moving it forward. Our team consists of data scientists and engineering team in the Windows &amp; Devices Group (WDG) who are at the forefront of customer data, gathering insights from data that help create the best experiences on our devices, software, and services. The team has an opportunity to impact the quality of experiences for customers using a vast range of platform security technologies. Our team includes both data scientists who perform analysis and data engineers who make data available for analysis. Together, these insights help shape the quality direction of Windows. We’re looking for engineers that will help ● Power analysis to determine customer happiness with our scenarios. ● Enable Microsoft engineering teams to make strategic decisions on product roadmap and investment ● Power real-time alerting and deep analytics ● Operationalize data science analysis based on cutting edge techniques in machine learning, semantic analysis, data mining, experiments, and statistics Basic Qualifications: ● 3+ years of software engineering experience Other Qualifications: ● Bachelor’s degree or higher in a Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent experience ● Experience with SCOPE/COSMOS scripting or other data analysis technologies ● Solid SQL and Data Analysis skills. ● Strong coding skills in C/C++ ● Strong problem solving, testing and debugging skills ● Good communication and cross-group collaboration skills ● Ability to work both independently and collectively in a fun team environment ● High capacity to learn and adapt to new technologies and engineering processes quickly Skills that are a plus (not required): ● Prior experience with Platform Security and Software Threat Detection and Analysis ● Product engineering experience working on OS components preferred ● Business Analyst or ML related experience ENSQJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307817 1067220 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 