 Back to search results Prev Job 227 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Are you passionate about building a top-tier Azure cloud service? Are you an engineer who thrives working in start-up mode on a v1 product? Do you think you can contribute to the next generation of analytics apps melding cloud data with machine learning in data visualizations unlike anything that exists today? Are you excited about generating millions in revenue for Microsoft? If you answer yes to these questions, this could be that golden opportunity for you! We are building a SaaS analytics experience for customers to navigate and interact with their data in a natural and meaningful way. We are leveraging the magic of Power BI, Azure machine learning technologies, and developing our own new data visualizations into a compelling and powerful analytics experience. We are looking for a web developer who can help us bring new concepts in data visualization to life. This means working closely with other engineers and program managers to build visualizations, so our customers can interact with their data in new powerful ways all while retaining a natural and simple experience. As such, the candidate must be prepared for changing specifications and designs, and to bring in their own creativity to solve problems. Our team has a strong track record of delivering analytics solutions. The team consists of highly motivated, innovative, and customer focused engineers and program managers. Our team works in an agile start-up like environment where we expect each team member to contribute and collaborate towards building analytic apps more compelling than anything else available. Basic Qualifications: • 3+ years of programming experience with JavaScript • 2+ years of experience with JavaScript framework such as Aurelia or Angular • 2+ years of UI design or visualization experience with D3.js or Power BI • 3+ years of web design experience Preferred Qualifications: • Fluency in core data visualization concepts and have constructed data visualizations in Power BI, D3.js, OpenGL, or similar • Strong communication and collaboration skills • We would prefer candidates who can offer exceptional knowledge of some or all of: Machine learning, JavaScript &amp; UI development; cloud development • BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering BAGJobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325613 1076596 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families User experience (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 