 Back to search results Prev Job 289 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II Come join our team that is dedicated to eradicating malware from the Windows ecosystem, in turn protecting hundreds of millions of Windows users! We are fully integrated in the Windows operating system, combined with the state of the art backend cloud services. Our software is the key to develop and drive malware protection for Windows powered devices both in the consumer and commercial space for Windows, Windows Server, Microsoft Security Essentials, System Center Endpoint Protection, Windows Intune, O365, Azure, and many more. If using the data from large scale cloud services challenges you, and you are passionate about sleuthing for detailed highly evasive malware behaviors or utilizing clustering and ML techniques on data gathered and working closely with research team to measure effectiveness of our malware classification and blocking technology, your place is with us at the Defender team. As a member of our team (Data Engineering and Analytics) you will be specifically focused on utilizing our Asimov as well as the product functional telemetry for measuring protection value and effectiveness of our technologies. We are looking for a highly talented software engineer who loves big data to helps the team measure effectiveness of our protection technologies, find and pinpoint issues in our product, backend services &amp; content through data and drive changes back to improve overall protection levels! Basic Qualifications: ● 3+ years of software development experience. Requirements: ● Bachelor’s degree or higher in a Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent experience ● Experience with SCOPE/COSMOS scripting or other data analysis technologies ● Strong coding skills in C#/.Net ● Strong problem solving, testing, debugging and data analysis skills ● Good communication and cross-group collaboration skills ● Knowledge / background in Machine Learning is a plus ENSQJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320564 1069441 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 