 Back to search results Prev Job 317 of 500 Next Software Engineer II - Azure Machine Learning The amount of data around us is growing exponentially and machine learning is becoming mainstream in the computing industry. We are the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning team - a fast paced team with strong customer focus and a startup mindset within Microsoft’s Artificial Intelligence and Research (AI &amp; R) organization. We are building an exciting Machine Learning Applications platform that makes it very easy to quickly build, deploy and manage ML/AI applications at cloud scale with world class performance. We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer who is passionate about designing and building highly available, reliable, secure and elastic cloud platform for data applications that users love. You will have an opportunity to take highly scientific and leading-edge machine learning concepts and make them accessible as an everyday tool for developers to run them on massive amounts of data. You will be building systems using the latest open source tools such as Docker, Kubernetes, Elixir and get a chance to work with the state of the art machine learning toolsets such as CNTK, TensorFlow, SparkML. You should be passionate about designing and delivering distributed systems optimized for Cloud. You will participate in design and development of key components and services in the platform, and grow your expertise in distributed systems, data services and machine learning. Basic Qualifications: • BS or MS degree in Computer science or equivalent • Expertise in C/C++, C#, Java, Scala or equivalent programming languages and multi-threaded programming • 2+ years of experience as a software developer working on industrial strength services Preferred Qualifications: • Knowledge of building high performance, highly available, reliable, distributed server/services software • Designing systems for operational and cost efficiency • Experience in systems, networking, data structures, analysis of algorithm complexity and efficient implementation of complex algorithms • Experienced in Software Secure Development Life Cycle • Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate in a multi-disciplinary team consisting of Software Engineers, and Program Managers • Experience with cloud and data platforms such as Microsoft Azure, Hadoop, SPARK, etc. is a plus • Experience with container orchestrators such as Mesos, Kubernetes, Swarm and Linux internals is a plus Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324582 1077217 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 