 Back to search results Prev Job 319 of 500 Next Software Engineer Do you want to work on the cutting edge of distributed systems, storage and cluster technologies? Does the thought of working on high availability, highly scalable and fault tolerant systems send your pulse racing? Do you want to contribute to the critical solutions on which Enterprise Hybrid and Private Cloud depends, while being a part of a fast-paced and energetic team? With the release of high availability systems and infrastructure such as Spaces Direct and Cloud Platform System, we are revving up to help ship the Microsoft Azure Stack and the next generation Hyper-Converged Cloud Platform that natively converges virtualization, storage, networking, compute and security into a resilient, software-defined solution. You will have the opportunity to work on different aspects of a large-scale distributed system, from data replication and availability, to hosting, monitoring and automatic recovery mechanisms in the private cloud. Team members get exposure to different technologies including cloud platform, clustering, storage and management. In our team, you will be exposed to cutting edge development from user-mode to kernel-mode in C/C++/C#. We pride ourselves in developing ingenious validation tools to assess and validate the reliability, availability and manageability of our storage platform. Our validation tooling emphasizes stress, fault-injection frameworks, work load modelling, perf tuning and scalability analysis. We invest heavily in telemetry, and you will be responsible for the entire data pipeline, from instrumenting our product code, to mining big data smartly. You will be responsible for: Defining the metrics and measures of product success. Coding and implementing trouble shooters that ship in the box, deeply understand our platform, instrumenting them, and then ultimately deriving insights that in turn will directly help shape what gets built in iterative cycles. Directly help gauge product quality in the brave new world of Windows as a service, validate and inform design choices, in understanding how our customers use and deploy our solutions and help shape our future product investments. Preferred Qualification: Data Analytics, Big Data, and Telemetry towards providing deeper understanding of End to End Customer Experiences Solid interpersonal skills with a strong desire to work in a collaborative environment on a fast-paced team Motivation, Passion and Drive to build high quality products that delight our customers Computer science background in Operating Systems and Data Structures MS/BS in Computer Science or a related discipline is preferred Exposure to Storage or Clustering technologies, File Systems and high availability solutions is helpful Experience in developing software using languages like C++/C#/Java/C Basic Qualification: 6 months or above of Software development or design experience in Industry or School Projects or Internships. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324195 1076563 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 