 Back to search results Prev Job 149 of 500 Next Software Engineer The Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) group is an exciting and fast evolving engineering group within Microsoft. MCIO’s mission is to optimize and deliver industry leading cloud infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft’s online services. The organization is responsible for strategy and delivery of the foundational platform for all Microsoft Online Services including demand and capacity forecasting, supply chain, data centers, networking, bandwidth, operations, and incident management. MCIO supports over 200 online businesses including Bing, O365, OneDrive, Xbox and Windows Azure branded services. Within the next few years Microsoft will spend many billions developing and delivering on-line services. Fundamental to our success will be our ability to deploy optimal cloud infrastructure capacity required to address rapidly growing global demand. Existing demand forecasting is fragmented across the company, inconsistent and suboptimal. To maximize our business performance, we will consolidate all on-line services demand forecasting, capacity planning and management, data center planning and management, implement state-of-the-art techniques, and continuously improve the accuracy of forecasts and plans for all of Microsoft’s global on-line services. This Software Engineer will be joining a team a world-class Developers/Data Engineers/ Data Scientists and will be responsible for Software and Data Engineering activities, leveraging both Microsoft internal and Azure cloud computing platforms and services. He/she will support the transformation of our on-line services demand forecasting analytics activities by developing data ingest pipelines, Cosmos/Hadoop data stores, working with data scientists and data engineers to operationalize cutting edge forecast modeling and data science activities on top of HDI &amp; Spark. If you are a software engineer with strong data engineering interests and skills, this is the team for you. Minimum Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in an area such as computer science, computer engineering, machine learning, or similar engineering field Preferred Requirements: • Experience with COSMOS/ADL/Hadoop • Strong C#/C++ coding skills • SQL and/or data warehousing skills • Master’s degree • Experience with Azure (SQL Azure/ADF/AML/Cloud services) • Strong problem solving and algorithmic thinking capability • Ability to communicate and collaborate with people representing diverse point of view Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323926 1074731 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 