 Back to search results Prev Job 280 of 500 Next Software Engineer Are you passionate about security and looking to work in a challenging fast paced environment? Are you excited about analyzing huge amounts of real time data and detect anomalies? Office 365 is the industry leader in hosted productivity suites and is one of the fastest cloud businesses in the industry and at Microsoft with more than 100 million seats hosted in multiple data centers across the globe. The Information Protection team is chartered with the challenging mission of keeping Office 365 secure across Exchange online, SharePoint and other services. Our Advanced Threat Protection offering is a key pillar for Office 365 all up. We are looking at expanding our security analysis, hunting and response team to sharpen our defenses against new emerging threats and keep our customers safe. We are looking for a security software engineer/security analyst who has strong logical thinking, excited about new challenges, comfortable with ambiguities and willing to take on larger scope and ownership. In this role, you will be responsible for: • Perform detailed investigations by working with large amounts of data and detect anomalous patterns and devise proactive defense solutions • Analyze emerging security attacks across spam, phishing and malware vectors and devise innovative automated strategies to mitigate them • Perform post-facto data analysis and gather intelligence to help improve our Machine learning and automated systems • Work closely with engineering, researchers, data scientists and Product Managers to bring new security solutions to market • Work closely with security experts across Microsoft and help keep Office 365 and Microsoft secure • Work with third party partners (internal and external) external email service providers to share signals and keep customers secure Ideal candidate: • BS in computer science, Math, engineering or science field • Expertise and familiarity with email systems and protocols is a plus • Expertise in development and scripting technologies like PowerShell, Python, regex, C# etc. • Expertise and familiarity with data analysis at large scale and ability to apply relevant tools (SQL, excel, etc.). • Familiarity with Big data tools is a plus • Engineer wanting to get onto the data side and use big data Come and stretch your talent in a highly technical team, help grow the business for Microsoft and Office 365 and deliver the most secure productivity experience on the planet. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 291319 1056280 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Office Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 