 Back to search results Prev Job 117 of 500 Next Software Engineer 2 Office is the leader of Microsoft’s mobile first, cloud first strategy. Office 365 was the fastest business in Microsoft to reach $1B revenue and this growth has continued with sustained strong YoY growth as customers transition from boxed software to the cloud. BI and Metrics in the Office Data Insights and Growth team is a relatively new team. Our goal is to provide business data we trust for our business leaders (Satya Nadella, Rajesh Jha, etc.). The scorecards and power metrics are crucial for our business leaders to assess the strength of the Office Business. The business data is in the form acquisition engagement and monetization of the business both cloud and perpetual, consumer and commercial. We’ll continue to move quickly and focus on building a robust efficient big data platform which will provide business data we can trust while also responding to real time requests for data. This is your chance to contribute to the data platform architecture. We’ll complete engineering work rooted in clear data and business metrics, easily mapped to Scorecard and Monthly Subscription Health measurements. We’re looking for a remarkable Senior Software Engineer to join our hard working and fun-loving group with strengths in coding, problem solving, driving for outcomes, working as a team, and collaborating. As a member of the BI and Metrics team, your responsibilities will include many of the following: • Building software infrastructure that enables computation over large data sets. • Build and deliver data as a service, with a robust and scalable set of data pipelines. • Architectural design and implementation for data warehouse solutions, ETL, Analytics/Reporting with SSAS/SSRS or equivalent BI tools, and web based dashboard development. • Make the platforms and systems highly efficient in term of both its execution and the consumption of the data it generates. • Work closely with our data science team. • Understand our data and how it gets used by our users. • Use this understanding to drive the Data Mining system design, drive data instrumentation design improvements, and educate users for proper and effective data consumption. • Work very closely with the Office Telemetry team, the COSMOS team, Shared Data Platform team to deeply understand cloud computing techniques. • Use this understanding to guide the design and development of our data foundation. • Deliver automated reporting and world class visualization tools. Requirements: A BS degree in Computer Science or related experience 3-7 years’ experience shipping production quality software Experience with one or more of the following: C#, C/C++, Java, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS, high scale services and technologies, proven skills and experience in gathering, analyzing and reporting on telemetry data Desirable: Azure, REST APIs, Mac, iOS, Android, Windows Phone Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325467 1078518 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 