 Back to search results Prev Job 306 of 500 Next Software Engineer II - Azure Machine Learning Join the Azure Machine Learning product team. Our mission is to empower every enterprise to easily and cost-effectively build high-scale analytics solutions leveraging R. Exponential growth has transformed data into a new natural resource. Every industry has focused on exploiting data analytics for competitive advantage. Business applications of advanced analytics abound: consumer companies doing targeted marketing, financial firms scoring customer credit-worthiness, retailers managing product promotions, manufacturers detecting anomalies in sensor data, &amp; many more. For the uninitiated, R is an open source programming language &amp; environment for statistical computing. More importantly, R is an innovation engine, with applications that run the gamut from quantitative finance to bioinformatics to machine learning. Over the past several years, R has enjoyed tremendous growth in usage &amp; mindshare in the data science community, reaching a user count in the millions. Within the AI+R organization, we aim to drive the future of R as a tool for enterprise advanced analytics. To achieve this, we are going to make the Microsoft platform a great place to operationalize R analytics workloads, both on-prem and in the cloud. We will democratize the process of deploying R code as production cloud services. We will enable the use of R within compelling in-database analytics scenarios. We will further accelerate &amp; scale R analytics workloads by integrating with modern big data processing frameworks. And we will invest in the open-source R ecosystem in ways that help foster its evolution and add value to the data science community. We are seeking strong highly motivated software engineers for our analytics engine involving the work of supporting new distributed platforms like Spark and state-of-art machine learning techniques. The ideal candidate will be well-versed in one or more of the following technologies: C++ programming; distributed systems; Hadoop MapReduce/Spark; machine learning; test automation systems. Requirements: -2+ years of experience as a software developer working on industrial strength software -BS or MS degree. Computer Science preferred -Experience in developing large scale software in C++, C# or equivalent languages Highly desirable: -Expertise in R and/or other languages &amp; environments for statistical computing -Development experience with distributed computing frameworks such as Hadoop &amp; Apache Spark -Experience in one of the following areas: Machine learning, Data Mining, Statistics -Experience developing cross-platform software and/or services -Experience developing and/or extending open source -Excellent problem solving, design, coding, and debugging skills -Proficiency in data structures and algorithms -Proficiency in unit-testing and other validation techniques -Deliver software with a continuous integration, validation, &amp; delivery methodology -Ability to work closely with team members to collaborate on innovative solutions -Self-driven, proactive, &amp; results-oriented, with the ability to work with minimal direction -Solid written and verbal communication skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325912 1079033 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 