 Back to search results Prev Job 132 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Providing lighting fast time-to-insight over big data is today’s hottest trend. Continuously dropping storage prices enable new scenarios everyday where data is emitted from devices all around us and kept forever, also known as IOT scenario. Data scientists, analysts who are sophisticated users, as well as less sophisticated users have ever more demanding requirements for asking complex questions of this data and obtaining answers in seconds rather than minutes or hours, and with increasing demand for simple way to interact with the system managing this vast amount of data. Do you have experience, or do you want to build expertise in this space? Are you ready to help shape the future and be part of the BigData revolution? The SQL Server division is building a state of the art Data Warehousing Massively Parallel Processing relational database system. Unique to the industry this database system is delivered in multiple form factors allowing customers to deploy the technology where they need it as well as enabling compelling hybrid scenarios. This team is responsible for the core scale-out data warehousing technology that powers Azure SQL Data Warehouse as well as for delivering this system in an appliance-Analytics Platform System (APS). By integrating hardware and software, and balancing for optimal performance; loading, querying and managing petabytes of data in data warehouses will become a mainstream scenario. We’ve broken ground by introducing aspects of this core technology in SQL Server as Polybase scale-out relational query over Hadoop. We believe this core technology will change the way scale-out data warehousing happens in on-premises data centers and in public cloud. We are seeking a highly motivated software design engineer who is passionate about building mission critical, high performing, and scale-out solutions. As part of the Azure SQL Data Warehouse team, you will have a unique opportunity to design and develop the state of the art Azure Portal web experiences using Ibiza framework, JavaScript, TypeScript and other web technologies. You will be collaborating with UX designers and will have direct impact on the Azure SQL Data Warehouse first user experiences across Azure Portal and SQL Server client tools enabling the team to deliver value and delight our customers. As a member of the SQL Server Parallel Data Warehousing and Appliances development team, you will be responsible for the design and development of key pieces of the parallel database solution. Examples include distributed query processing and execution, transaction management, workflow coordination, and security; as well as strategic and ground-breaking innovation to position SQL Server and Microsoft as the top provider of end-to-end data warehousing solutions. Your work will have direct impact on functionality, security, performance, scalability, manageability and supportability of the SQL Server Parallel Data Warehouse platform and will benefit a key strategic customer base. As a senior member of our growing team you will have the opportunity to directly contribute to improving our processes and culture in a way consistent with a world-class professional engineering organization. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated individual who is willing to take on challenging initiatives, capable of working both independently and with others as a team, and able to follow through to deliver results. Basic Qualifications: B.S. degree in Computer Science or IT related discipline. 2+ years experience in design and development 2+ years experience coding in C# OR C++ OR Java Preferred Qualifications: • Intense curiosity and willingness to question • Love the next problem, the next experiment, the next partner • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems • Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers Experience building high performance, scalable systems is preferred but not required Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 288497 1052312 Locations United States, Aliso Viejo (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 