 Back to search results Prev Job 176 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Our team is responsible for reporting on the health, performance, usage and happiness of customers using all forms of Windows sign-in including Windows Hello PIN/Face/Fingerprint and password logon, single-sign-on (SSO) to cloud resources and security protocols like TLS that power the web as we know it. Our larger team also owns Data Security including Bitlocker and Windows Information Protection. And finally, Platform Integrity, which includes Secure Boot, Device Guard and Signing. The “data wave” is well underway in our industry. We recently built a large data science &amp; engineering team in the Windows &amp; Devices Group (WDG) to use insights from data to help create the best experiences on our devices, software, and services. The team has an opportunity to impact the quality of experiences for customers using a whole range of platform security technologies. Our team includes both data scientists who perform analysis and data engineers who make data available for analysis. Together the insights help shape product direction and health. We’re hiring for our data science group. The data science group will focus on: ● Power analysis to determine customer happiness with our scenarios. ● Enable leadership to make strategic decisions on product roadmap and investment ● Power both near real time alerting and deep analytics ● Operationalizing data science analysis based on cutting edge techniques in machine learning, semantic analysis, data mining, experiments, statistics, and more Basic Qualifications: ● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or IT related technical discipline Other Qualifications: ● 2+ years of software development experience. ● Experience with SCOPE/COSMOS scripting or other data analysis technologies ● Solid SQL and Data Analysis skills. ● Strong coding skills in C/C++ ● Strong problem solving, testing and debugging skills ● Good communication and cross-group collaboration skills ● Ability to work both independently and collectively in a fun team environment ● High capacity to learn and adapt to new technologies and engineering processes quickly Skills that are a plus (not required): ● Prior experience with Platform Security and Identity, Authentication Protocols, Biometrics, Credential lifecycle management, PKI and Crypto. ● Product engineering experience working on OS components preferred ● Business Analyst or ML related experience ENSQJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307810 1067222 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 