 Back to search results Prev Job 139 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II Telemetry forms the core of how Windows 10 quality is measured and understood. The Data and Analytics team within Universal Store provides the Common Schema event system that gathers this telemetry at global scale and makes it available throughout the Windows and Devices Group. Engineers throughout the organization rely on this data to analyze and understand how their features within the product are performing in the wild. We are looking for a developer who has a passion for working with big data to ensure a consistent, reliable pipeline of data is available to allow teams throughout Windows to turn data into action. You will help to reduce friction for teams working with this data at scale and allow them to develop insight into the next set of features that will drive customer satisfaction and engagement, and directly affect the bottom line. Come join us and work with some of the largest datasets anywhere. Qualifications: •years of experience in computer software development •Bachelor's degree/MA in computer science or related discipline. •Strong C# and T-SQL experience. •Strong sense of pride in engineering and data quality. •Big Data •analytics experience, especially using map-reduce technology (specifically with Cosmos and SCOPE being a huge bonus). •Natural sense of curiosity regarding data. •The kind of person who asks questions, drills down, and asks more questions, tempered by a bias toward action. •Able to understand developer needs and envision platform offerings to support those scenarios. •Able to collaborate within an environment of open exchange, sharing ideas and data so the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 307819 1062882 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 