 Back to search results Prev Job 106 of 500 Next Software Engineer 2 If you like challenges and want to learn and practice how to develop advanced big data solutions/techniques that scale to hundreds of Terabyte data and then tens of Petabyte data, in both streaming and batch mode, this is your ideal opportunity. We deal with this scale of data every day. The Microsoft AIR (Artificial Intelligence and Research) Data &amp; Infrastructure team is hiring extremely talented, highly motivated and productive Software Engineers, working on building the data solutions, service and platforms to manage Petabytes of comprehensive real data. Data is critical to the success of modern software products and services, and our techniques and systems are the key part of the data foundation of AI+R. You will be part of a very strong and fun team, building very large-scale data infrastructure, staying in touch on the state-of-the-art big data technologies in both open source and Microsoft own stack, developing advanced and practical data mining, machine learning, statistics, and measurement techniques for solving the hottest and most challenging problems in the world and generating real impact. You are empowered to change the AI+R organization to be data driven and influence millions of end users. You will have opportunities to work together with world class developers and researchers to stay in the forefront of advancing technologies, such as big data, data mining, data processing platform, metrics, BI, online experimentation, statistics, cloud computing, search, ads, and social networks. Become a part of Bing: work on the big-data systems that are a part of the lifeblood for Bing’s system. Help us build next-generation infrastructure that allows thousands of engineers produce cutting-edge systems. Be a part of those who define what’s next in distributed systems, cloud-computing, and big-data. Job Responsibilities: Architectural design and development of a very large scale and high-quality data platform with easy to use APIs. This covers all kinds of web usage data. Make the platforms and systems highly efficient in term of both its execution and the consumption of the data it generates. Be part of the team on developing the systems for high stability, fast development, low development cost, and low maintenance cost Understand our data and how it gets used by our users. Use this understanding to drive the Data Mining system design, drive data instrumentation design improvements, and educate users for proper and effective data consumption. Work very closely with the COSMOS team, Shared Data Platform team to deeply understand cloud computing techniques. Use this understanding to guide the design and development of our data foundation. Provide feature requirements to the COSMOS team and Shared Data Platform team based on Data Mining development needs. Act as an expert in some areas of large scale system architecture and development or data mining. Basic Qualifications: 3+ years software design and development skills/experience Knowledge in .NET, C#, C++, SQL, and Windows Bachelor degree in computer science or related areas Preferred Skills: Analytical skills and experience preferred Ability to drive technical investigations and prototyping in a fast-paced startup environment Experience with test driven software design/development is a plus Good communication skills, both verbal and written Passionate, self-motivated Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. xAIDIx Job # 303781 1060210 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies (not product or technology specific) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 