 Back to search results Prev Job 216 of 500 Next Software Engineer As a part of the Windows Device Group (WDG) the Base Platform Team (BPT) enables all Windows devices and all apps, services built on top of Windows. BPT is the lowest most layer and most critical layer of Windows operating system. It is one of the most preferred team in Microsoft for only one reason - while working in this team you impact all of Microsoft and in turn billions of lives worldwide. This team is responsible for Core platform technologies to design and help innovating new types of Windows devices, Power management, operating system power states, boot and firmware, etc. BPT Quality team is looking for a passionate, creative, analytical and experienced data scientist who loves big data, curious to explore and unveil insights and create a business story to impact key business decisions. Our team is responsible for making the data backed decisions for doing new feature work, fixing bugs or investigating top customer issues blocking Windows adoption. We have rich telemetry pipeline that feeds us data on various metrics critical wot Windows reliability and performance and we use various data analysis techniques, machine learning techniques to generate data insights and owns the end to end decision sciences charter that includes: • bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth • creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health • building advanced analytical models Responsibilities: • Design, prototype, implement and test descriptive and predictive analytics models • Work with data engineers to architect and develop systems that can run these models at scale • Communicate to technical and non-technical audiences, and contributing modeling expertise as a team player Basic Qualification for this role: • 1+ years of Software development or design experience. Preferred Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree or higher in Statistics/Math/Computer Science • 2+ years of non-academic experience in SQL, R, Python to implement statistical models, machine learning, and analysis (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, time series forecasting, regression models, etc.) in big data environment • Advanced working knowledge of data mining using SQL, R/Python • Experience on large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, MapReduce and/or similar systems • Strong algorithmic problem-solving skills including data investigating, testing, debugging •Exceptional written and verbal communication to educate and work with cross functional teams Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324164 1074924 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 