 Back to search results Prev Job 353 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Do you want to develop software platform and applications in the exciting Internet world? Do you want to utilize the cutting edge technologies for rapidly growing online advertising? How about working in the beautiful Microsoft campus right in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most innovative MSFT R&amp;D centers in the world? Then come join our Bing Ads Team! We are looking for a Junior Software Engineer for Microsoft Bing Ads Platform Engineering Team in Sunnyvale, California. As a hard-core member of Bing Ads team, you will be developing feature for our Bing Ads online serving and Big data computing infrastructure for global markets. This position is a hands-on development role and requires Bachelor/Master degree in computer science or equivalent industry experiences. Main job responsibilities - Develop &amp; Operate the Bing Product Ads &amp; Paid Search Ads offline data processing, index building, and online serving infrastructure. - Required C# and C++ development skills, Big data processing, Distributed system, Data Mining, and workflow knowledge. Mandatory Qualifications: • 3 years of progressive, post baccalaureate software development experience formulating and analyzing software requirements • B.S. in computer science (MS preferred) • Strong understanding of OOD, data structure, and algorithm. • Experience working with one or more of the following technologies: .NET, Java, Hadoop, Python, PowerShell, Grid computing, SQL, Data mining, ASP.NET, Database • Good understanding of the software development cycle and Agile development practice. • Proven experience in grid computing and large scale distributed systems/services deployment and operation. • Practical experiences in Big data processing. • Passion for solving complex and interest problems. • Fast learner and ability to prioritize and manage several tasks at once. • Strong writing, communication, and coordination skills. • Clear thinker in solving complex problems. Desirable Job Qualifications • Hands-on experiences in Search and Display Advertising systems design, development, and operation. • Practical experiences in ads selection and ranking system algorithm design and implementation. • Practical experience in information retrieval and machine learning. • 3+ years of hands-on software development experiences with Java/C#. C++ Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320634 1069827 Locations United States, Sunnyvale (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Advertising Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 