 Back to search results Prev Job 233 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Join the Microsoft R product team. Our mission is to empower every enterprise to easily and cost-effectively build high-scale analytics solutions leveraging R. Exponential growth has transformed data into a new natural resource. Every industry has focused on exploiting data analytics for competitive advantage. Business applications of advanced analytics abound: consumer companies doing targeted marketing, financial firms scoring customer credit-worthiness, retailers managing product promotions, manufacturers detecting anomalies in sensor data, &amp; many more. For the uninitiated, R is an open source programming language &amp; environment for statistical computing. More importantly, R is an innovation engine, with applications that run the gamut from quantitative finance to bioinformatics to machine learning. Over the past several years, R has enjoyed tremendous growth in usage &amp; mindshare in the data science community, reaching a user count in the millions. Within the Data Group organization, we are driving the future of R as a tool for enterprise advanced analytics. As an effort to achieve this, we work on accelerating &amp; scaling R analytics workloads by integrating with modern big data processing frameworks like Spark. We’re seeking strong highly motivated software engineers for our analytics engine involving the work of supporting new distributed platforms like Spark and state-of-art machine learning techniques. The ideal candidate will be well-versed in one or more of the following technologies: C++ programming; distributed systems; Hadoop MapReduce/Spark; machine learning; test automation systems. Requirements: -Excellent problem solving, design, coding, and debugging skills -Experience in developing complex, large scale software in C++, C# or equivalent languages -Deliver software with a continuous integration, validation, &amp; delivery methodology -Proficiency in data structures and algorithms -Proficiency in unit-testing and other validation techniques -Ability to work closely with team members to collaborate on innovative solutions -Self-driven, proactive, &amp; results-oriented, with the ability to work with minimal direction -Solid written and verbal communication skills -2+ years of experience as a software developer working on industrial strength software -A BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Preferred: -Expertise in R and/or other languages &amp; environments for statistical computing -Development experience with distributed computing frameworks such as Hadoop &amp; Apache Spark -Experience developing cross-platform software and/or services -Experience developing and/or extending open source -Experience in one of the following areas: Machine learning, Data Mining, Statistics Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 281639 1031239 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 