 Back to search results Prev Job 321 of 500 Next Software Engineer Software Engineer – 1073785 The Gateways and Connectors team is responsible for building connectors for various products in Microsoft (Excel, PowerBI, PowerApps, LogicApps, Microsoft Flow to name a few) to connect to various SaaS and relational sources. That allows these various products to build a world class get-data experience and help customers reach to their data in a seamless way and make it super easy for them to make reports, get insights or build work flows based on the data. We are the team working on the next generation of connectors for both on-prem and cloud data sources. Our charter is to define what it means to build a connector that can be used by various products and hosted in cloud or on-prem applications. For cloud data sources, we also focus on the backend service that host these connectors and makes business to business and enterprise application integration possible on the cloud. We enable App Services platform through Logic Apps, Process Simple and more. We are looking for developers that are passionate about building APIs, infrastructure and backend platform services. We will be working with across teams to deliver a holistic experience around what it means to build, manage and monitor an integration application for the user. The cloud is a pivotal bet for Microsoft and cloud based integration is a huge business opportunity. We work at a startup pace with a focus to ship early and often. We are building a culture around delivering customer value in a differentiated and highly competitive way. As a result, attention to scalability, resiliency and agility is highly valued for candidates. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering 2+ year experience working as a software engineer 2+ years of programming skills in C#, data technologies (SQL / Tables, etc.), REST and / or distributed systems Preferred Qualifications: Enjoy learning and ramping up on new technologies quickly Strong problem-solving skills Strong partnership, communication and coordination skills BAGJobs Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323327 1073785 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 