 Back to search results Prev Job 147 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Big data, advanced analytics, and cloud computing are fundamentally transforming businesses, and we are at the heart of this revolution. Our charter in the Information Management (IM) organization is to birth the next generation of data management in the cloud, enabling advanced analytics with big data. This is a tremendously compelling mission that we believe will revolutionize the world. And the Azure Data Factory (ADF) service is a critical component of that mission. ADF is a fully managed service that operationalizes and schedules arbitrarily large data flows and transformations. Powerful technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Azure Machine Learning, and other parts of the Cortana Intelligence Suite are easily provisioned and integrated into Data Factory pipelines that process information from a growing number of data sources. Pipeline output feeds into Azure Data Lake, SQL Data Warehouse, and many other analytical stores that provide insights, predictions, and decisions for businesses, schools, government agencies, etc. As evidenced by our many top-tier enterprise customers, Data Factory scales to the largest and most mission-critical big data workflows. We are seeking a seasoned software engineer for our team. The team is agile, balancing the work of shipping updates every few weeks with the longer-term features being developed. This small team has a big impact on how customers experience Azure Data Factory. Basic Qualifications: • 3+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming OR Scripting Preferred Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • Great problem solving and design skills, with demonstrated passion for quality, performance and engineering excellence • Knowledge and passion for Agile development practices • Ability to collaborate within and across teams effectively. • Knowledge of Microsoft Azure, AWS or similar cloud computing platforms Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325772 1078839 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 