 Back to search results Prev Job 118 of 500 Next Software Engineer II If you like cutting edge challenges and a chance to influence big data platform solutions that scale to petabytes of data, in both streaming and batch mode, this is your ideal opportunity. We deal with this scale of data every day, and we have hundreds of customers and partners that develop business critical solutions on our platform. Come join the team developing the latest suite of tools for managing Big Data transformations. We enable operations, decision making, product enhancements, and customer value creation with Big Data Analytics. Core to our mission is collecting the right data on a massive scale and making it actionable. Security, Compliance, Service Health, Usage and Fraud are just a few areas that you will be improving through data analysis. Building and extending best of breed technologies to process and transform petabytes of data from hundreds of Cloud services across Microsoft to deliver business critical data and insights for the services and their customers is what you will be tasked with. In this role, you will: Work on distributed services for orchestrating Big Data transformations on Azure Data Lake, Hadoop/Spark, CosmosDB and other emerging technologies. Integrate Near-Real Time (streaming) transformations into our Big Data Management solution. Develop services and technologies cataloging and managing datasets and the relationships between them. Design and implement features that enable and enforce data governance. Collaborate with multiple Azure cloud services and technology teams to both leverage and enhance Analytics team solutions. Qualifications: An undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science, related discipline or equivalent experience. 2+ years software development experience. Experience working through full product cycles from initial design to final product delivery. Extensive design and development experience in C#, C++ and/or Java. Strong development and design background in multi-tiered distributed services. Deep understanding of efficient data structures, algorithms, asynchronous programming and high-performance data processing. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Affinity and experience with Javascript/Ajax and UI frameworks is an advantage. Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning is preferred. Knowledge of NRT technologies, particularly Spark Streaming, and Big Data processing technology is a major plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323283 1073886 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Products and technologies Azure Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 