 Back to search results Prev Job 234 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER 2 If you are excited about Big Data and want to push the boundaries of scale and speed of one of the world’s largest distributed storage infrastructure and compute fabric powering Bing, Office365, Windows and more - come and join our team! The data-driven world is transforming slow batch data processing pipelines into near real-time streaming processing and our team is a part of this exciting journey! Our technology enables conversion of end-to-end latency of order of hours or days into order of minutes and this is done reliably, at large scale and with guarantees of strong consistency. We’re looking for strong engineers who are up to the challenge of designing and implementing solutions in large scale systems in highly distributed environment to help us achieve our vision of fast data transformation at scale. Successful candidate will have: • a minimum of 2 years in an engineering role using C++/C# • deep understanding of data structures and algorithms • OS fundamentals and experience in writing efficient multi-threaded code. • experience with distributed processing, optimization of complex systems and shipping cloud services as a strong plus. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. xAIDIx Job # 324379 1074857 Locations United States, Bellevue (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 