 Back to search results Prev Job 228 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER Are you passionate about the vision of making devices transparent to each other working with an intelligent cloud? Are you living in the world of too many devices and wonder why they don’t work seamlessly with each other? Do you want to work on building new and upcoming platform that puts “the user’ in the center rather than devices and OS? Do you want to work on a team that is supportive, inclusive, diverse and making an impact on customer experience? If you are excited about these job aspects and would like to improve the platform that drives the experience on all Microsoft devices, through data science/mining and engineering practices, this is the job for you. You are passionate about machine learning/data mining/data science and are looking to make a switch, this is your opportunity. We are a team using data science principles combined with detailed diagnostics to more deeply understand our customer/developers, our platform’s behavior and further advance the Windows family. Our team is focused on delivering Platform and features for enabling cross device user experiences that offer a truly mobile experience across user’s devices. To that end, we own ensuring that modern app developers have a great platform (See http://aka.ms/projectrome/ ) to create rich and engaging experiences in their apps across devices. Furthermore, these apps need to run smoothly, concurrently, predictably, with great battery life and without impacting the device performance across all powered devices. As part of our team, you will have a chance to work with a variety of Microsoft devices as well as with our competitors’ devices. You will develop product insights through analyzing key signals from real users which will not just inform us of our customers’ satisfaction, so we can exceed their expectations, but will also help shape the future direction of the platform. In order to make the customer signals actionable, root cause analysis will require code debugging, analysis of patterns and diagnosis of dumps, traces, and user logs. You will have the opportunity to build state of the art tools that make collecting &amp; analyzing data and understanding developer patterns easier. Furthermore, you will work closely with the research and other development teams around the company to leverage new technologies and algorithms which enable making this goal a reality. Finally, you will collaborate with several partner teams to ensure that fundamentals and app experiences meet or exceed the expectations of the customer. We are a close-knit team that believes in supporting and learning from each other to get the best from everyone. The diverse perspectives, supportive culture and growth mindset is something we nurture as a team. We are looking for a team mate who is an experienced engineer with passion for data and who can learn and apply data science skills with a customer focused approach to deliver on our vision. Basic Qualifications: • 1+ years of software development Required skills: • A Computer Science degree or equivalent experience • Good coding and debugging skills with a modern object-oriented language Optional useful skills: • Experience with SQL • R, IPython, PowerBI, or other data analysis tools • Knowledge of the Windows platform (Win32/WinRT/UWP) • Experience building Windows Apps • Experience with web technologies (JS, HTML, CSS) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325615 1078778 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 