 Back to search results Prev Job 266 of 500 Next Software Engineer Windows 10 introduced a new model to run the OS as a service “Windows as a Service” (WaaS). The key goal of this model is to ensure that devices running Windows 10 are kept up to date with the latest security patches and they move forward to new Feature Updates on a more rapid cadence. We aspire to provide a great experience for enterprises that are Cloud managed and thus connected directly to Windows Update for Business. This team delivers solutions for enterprises to be successful in the WaaS model. Specifically, we build products in the M365 Analytics (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsforbusiness/windows-analytics ) space to provide enterprises with great capabilities in monitoring update compliance, ring definition and performance, and overall health of their entire enterprise. You will be a part of a team that behaves more like a startup within many established Microsoft teams. Are you passionate about data? Are you someone who gets excited about finding insights to solve problem impacting millions of customers. Are you fascinated about the world of Data Science Engineering and wanted to give that a try? You are in right place - our team is looking for engineers like you! Our team is responsible for engineering the data pipeline, analytics &amp; creating insights to enable enterprise customers to embrace Modern Management. The ideal candidates are those who are passionate, energetic, collaborative in solving complex problems and have strong technical skills. Job Responsibilities: • Own bid data pipelines and transformation for scenarios • Analyze data and finding insights • Build dashboards to track KPIs and insights • Design Tools and Platform Features for Enterprise Customers to leverage data • Leverage Machine Learning to solve complex problems &amp; identifying insights • Data egress into Azure Pipeline &amp; optimization Basic Qualifications: • 6+ months of software development experience Qualifications: • BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related discipline, with strong Computer Science fundamentals. • Strong coding, troubleshooting chops in C# (or any object-oriented language) and a scripting language • Excellent design, debugging and problem resolving skills • Excellent oral and written communication skills • Customer focused, result oriented and team player • Experience with data analytics in R, Python, PowerBI, AzureML, Cosmos is a plus. • Experience in big data, natural language analysis, machine learning, or building and operating a service is a plus • Experience on OS servicing/update is plus WSDJobs-CRT-SWE Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325639 1078779 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 