 Back to search results Prev Job 179 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Do you want to ship the next version of Windows across diverse hardware form factors including Surface and next generation devices that our customers will absolutely love? Do you want help ship the foundational components that enable Fluent Design? Are you passionate about data analysis, designing, and implementing data models to validate that we deliver experiences that customers and developers love and desire? The Windows UI Composition team within the Developer Ecosystem Platform group is looking for a qualified software engineer that likes to work with cutting edge hardware and software. Our team works on a broad spectrum of instrumentation and data analysis to bring insights back on our device experiences, driving, and validating that we build products that are competitive, performant, long-term viable, and that integrates well with other experiences. We are currently looking for a smart and driven software engineer who is passionate about ensuring that we design and build performant and reliable experiences that delight our customers. Someone that is focused on delivering results through proper data analysis and technical insight. You should be comfortable working in operating system code, passionate about using data and forensic analysis to improve our products and bringing insights back to impact our product plans. In our team, you will work with other software engineers, data scientists, and partners to design and implement product code instrumentation, mine and analyze data, and build data models to answer business questions. You must be self-motivated, a fast learner, have good communication skills, enjoy working in a team of talented engineers, and be passionate about quality and engineering excellence. Basic Qualifications: • 3+ years of software design and development experience Requirements • Experience with applied data science (some or all of descriptive, exploratory, inferential, predictive, and casual analysis) • Strong problem solving, debugging, and troubleshooting skills • Experience writing performance-critical code in C/C++ • BS/MS in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent degree or industry experience The ideal candidate would also have Experience with system profiling, power, or performance measurement Experience with data engineering technologies Experience with engineering practices such as testing in production, monitoring, and experimental design Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325907 1078940 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Testing (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 