 Back to search results Prev Job 137 of 500 Next Software Engineer Do you want to work on cutting edge technologies in a hyper-connected world? Our team is looking for self-motivated, customer-focused engineers to leverage the latest big data and machine learning technologies to improve our products and help our customers achieve more. Our team owns the core technologies and online services which allow settings and user data to seamlessly sync across devices. Customers feel their new devices are instantly theirs when their customizations and settings are instantly restored. We also own the growing remote access scenario enabling millions to securely access the internet or their enterprise network. Security and privacy are important and we play a key role in protecting customer's data. Windows Insiders and customers generate data at cloud-scale and our engineers create innovative tools and solutions for consuming this data to have impact. On our team, you will get to leverage the latest in big data, machine learning, and AI to analyze and provide insights into customer experience to feed our engineering cycle and empower customers to achieve more. You will own design and implementation of instrumentation for telemetry and analytics. You will distill the signal from the noise by defining complex data models to join telemetry from across Windows components, aggregate it in interesting ways, train machine learning models, and communicate the data insights to provide product-level business intelligence. The code and data analysis scripts you author will run in the cloud against some of the largest distributed computing and storage systems in the world. Our team depends on insights from data to fix problems in the field and drive the scenarios of the future. On this team, you'll become one with the customer via data and will help connect the next generation computing devices. Come and join us! Basic Qualifications: ● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or IT related technical discipline. Job Requirements: ● Experience developing customer / partner facing platform code developed using OOP languages like C++/C#/Java. ● Experience with monitoring, debugging and troubleshooting platform level code. ● Good understanding of core computer science concepts. ● Strong customer empathy, communication, technical leadership and influencing skills. ● BS/MS/PhD. Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or related fields is strongly preferred. ● Familiarity with Data Platforms, Cloud Services, Build Systems, Installer Technologies, User Experience Paradigms are also huge pluses. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306827 1065627 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 