 Back to search results Prev Job 367 of 500 Next Software Engineer II If the idea of helping engineers, OEM partners, enterprises, and end customers getting Windows onto their devices, and helping users scale Windows deployment to millions of devices with cutting-edge performance and rock solid reliability excites you, then the Windows Deployment team is the right place for you to take on your next challenge! You will be working on mission critical deployment technologies used by our customers to deploy, update &amp; recover Windows. The position presents opportunities to make a huge positive impact on our various customer segments like Consumers, OEMs, Enterprise and numerous internal partners within Microsoft. The ideal candidate should be an excellent team player, quick learner and should have good collaboration skills. Quality roles specifically involves creating software to process the incoming data, visualize usage and identify problems. You will be responsible to mine the data, derive insights using statistical models &amp; machine learning. These insights will ultimately inform the future design choices for the various technologies. Basic Qualifications: • 1+ years of Software development or design experience. Skills desired: • Experience with Data Analytics/Big Data towards providing deeper understanding of End to End Customer Experiences • Experience with one or more programming or scripting languages such as C#, powershell • Up to the challenge to ramp up quickly on the technology stack • Comfortable working closely with a crew and with internal/external partners. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323273 1074361 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 