 Back to search results Prev Job 123 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II Providing lighting fast time-to-insight over big data is today’s hottest trend. Continuously dropping storage prices enable new scenarios everyday where data is emitted from devices all around us and kept forever, also known as IOT scenario. Data scientists, analysts who are sophisticated users, as well as less sophisticated users have ever more demanding requirements for asking complex questions of this data and obtaining answers in seconds rather than minutes or hours, and with increasing demand for simple way to interact with the system managing this vast amount of data. Do you have experience, or do you want to build expertise in this space? Are you ready to help shape the future and be part of the BigData revolution? The SQL Server division is building a state of the art Data Warehousing Massively Parallel Processing relational database system. Unique to the industry this database system is delivered in multiple form factors allowing customers to deploy the technology where they need it as well as enabling compelling hybrid scenarios. This team is responsible for the core scale-out data warehousing technology that powers Azure SQL Data Warehouse as well as for delivering this system in an appliance-Analytics Platform System (APS). By integrating hardware and software, and balancing for optimal performance; loading, querying and managing petabytes of data in data warehouses will become a mainstream scenario. We’ve broken ground by introducing aspects of this core technology in SQL Server as Polybase scale-out relational query over Hadoop. We believe this core technology will change the way scale-out data warehousing happens in on-premises data centers and in public cloud. We are seeking a highly motivated software design engineer who is passionate about building mission critical, high performing, and scale-out solutions. As a member of the SQL Server Data Warehousing Appliances development team, you will be responsible for the design, development and support of key pieces of the parallel database solution. Examples include distributed query processing and execution, transaction management, workflow coordination, and security; as well as strategic and ground-breaking innovation to position SQL Server and Microsoft as the top provider of end-to-end data warehousing solutions. Your work will have direct impact on functionality, security, performance, scalability, manageability and supportability of the SQL Server Parallel Data Warehouse platform and will benefit a key strategic customer base. As a member of our growing team you will have the opportunity to directly contribute to improving our processes and culture in a way consistent with a world-class professional engineering organization. Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of internship or 3+ years of industry software engineering experience • 2+ years of programming experience in Java OR C++ OR C# OR C OR object-oriented programming Preferred Qualifications: • Strong technical problem solving, communication, and collaboration skills are required. • Proficiency in C#, SQL Server, and network protocols is preferred with expertise in troubleshooting and debugging skills. • Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes. • Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324297 1074603 Locations United States, Aliso Viejo (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 