 Back to search results Prev Job 272 of 500 Next SOFTWARE ENGINEER II In Universal Store, the Windows 10 release saw us successfully bring together separate marketplaces for Windows 8, Windows Phone, Music and Video onto a single new modern architecture. It is this platform foundation to which all other Stores and commerce at Microsoft will eventually move, creating a single, powerful, cohesive commerce engine powering all of our diverse businesses. Critical to the success of the Universal Store is a foundation of deep analytics across a vast array of disparate data sources which provide insight into various aspects of the Store experience. From experiments in the UI, to browse and search analysis, to purchase funnels and install health, to the vibrancy of the app ecosystem, everything contributes in its own unique way to the success of the Store. The Data and Analytics (DnA) team within Universal Store is looking for a developer who has a passion for turning data into action. You will highlight successes so that we can build upon them, as well as surface issues that are producing friction, enabling others to resolve them quickly. You will help to provide insight into the next set of features that will drive customer satisfaction and engagement, and directly affect the bottom line. You will partner with other teams throughout the WDG and the rest of the company to deliver on requirements and help directly impact the customer experience. Your core responsibilities will be to envision and produce impactful analytics exposed by powerful visualizations, intended to incite action, as well as to deliver a solid data platform that produces high quality data. Qualifications • 4 years of software development experience • Strong C# and T-SQL experience. • Proven skills in database design and multidimensional modeling. • Strong sense of pride in engineering and data quality. • ‘Big Data’ analytics experience preferred, especially using map- reduce technology • Nice to have HTML5, JavaScript, and/or other relevant web UI development experience. • Natural sense of curiosity regarding data. • The kind of person who asks questions, drills down, and asks more questions, tempered by a bias toward action. • Able to understand business scenarios and envision analytics solutions to support those scenarios. • Able to collaborate within an environment of open exchange, sharing ideas and data so the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322400 1072435 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Products and technologies Online Services Teams Windows and Devices Group Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 