 Back to search results Prev Job 263 of 500 Next Software Engineer II Cloud Computing is the one of the most important initiatives for Microsoft. It is a highly competitive &amp; rapidly growing market and we aim to win it. The Azure Compute Analytics and Insights team is tasked with turning our incredibly rich, Big Data into strategic assets, that will drive business and engineering goals. We are chartered for 3 main domains: Customer &amp; Business Analytics •Focused on attracting and keeping customers and convert this data into a better business. •Tell the customer’s story. •Convert their pain or joy into actionable opportunities. Service Health Analytics •Live Site First! Deploying Data Science to ever increase our customer’s quality of service, while shrinking costs and predicting capacity concerns. Engineering Analytics •Using analytics to improve the software rollouts and increase our operational velocity and agility. As a member of our team, you will turn this data into actionable insights that will drive feature improvements to the Azure Compute Service and its customers. Our vision is to be have a balanced team of data science and development skills. If you dream of being able to use data science/applied statistical techniques like: anomaly detection, machine learning, expert systems and/or experimentation, then you should talk to us. If you have the drive to help to implement it and see it productized, then you really should talk to us. We are not one of those teams that just builds reports with brilliant insights that no one uses. We are here to make it happen. Responsibilities: •Help our efforts to improve the way we gather and prepare data for analysis to help make critical business decisions and the KPI’s that matter most across a diversity of problem domains •Apply statistical and machine learning techniques to identify new opportunities for action •Design new tools and processes to enable better data modeling, analysis, and experimentation •Employ machine learning to detect and correlate problems •Build models, simulation, scalable and automated analytical systems •Drive improvements to the product design and architecture, leading to increased customer satisfaction •Lead and collaborate with experts from across the company to advance data science best practices Educate and train others on modern applications of data science techniques •Learn how to build and sustain engagement from all levels of an organization Preferred Qualifications: •Programming skills (C/C++/Java/Python) •Passion for Data analysis; to have impact on critical product or business decisions •A proven track record of collaborating across organizational boundaries and delivering great results •Excellent analytical, communication, technical leadership, and interpersonal skills •Solid writing, presentation, and data visualization skills •Familiarity with software development, database design, and online service development •A degree in computer science, machine learning, statistics, math, economics, business or other scientific or quant-focused field. Basic Qualifications: •2 or more years of software development experience Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 289964 1054381 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 