 Back to search results Prev Job 291 of 500 Next Solution Spec As a Data Platform Solution Specialist (SSP), you will be a solution sales leader within our enterprise sales organization working with our most important customers. You will lead a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to advance the sales process and achieve/exceed quarterly SQL Server and Azure data services revenue and usage/consumption targets in your assigned territory of accounts. You will position solutions that take advantage of our unique hybrid data platform to make their digital transformation. By developing a territory plan and identifying key accounts to drive sales through, you will be responsible for meeting customer needs and achieving/exceeding sales targets. With understanding of your customers needs, you will position solutions on the Microsoft Hybrid Data Platform. This approach will result in a large data platform solutions pipeline including analytics (Big Data, BI and Advanced Analytics) and mission critical/OLTP solution wins. You will maintain and develop a positive Customer and Partner Experience (CPE) that can be leveraged in future sales engagements across your territory. Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: •5+ years’ experience selling business solutions to large/global enterprise customers, particularly data platform technologies •Effective territory/account management: planning, opportunity qualification and creation, stakeholder and executive communication, needs analysis, value engineering, services/partner engagement, opportunity management, pipeline management, large dollar licensing and deal negotiation. •Understanding of Microsoft server products and/or complementing solutions. The position requires the ability to articulate and present the business value of Microsoft's solutions and have a firm understanding of Microsoft's strategies and products relative to major Microsoft competitors. •Knowledge of enterprise software solutions and platform competitor landscape •Understanding of partner ecosystems and the ability to leverage partner solutions to solve customer needs. •Orchestrate and influence virtual teams to pursue sales opportunities and lead v-teams through influence •Bachelor’s Degree required, MBA preferred, or equivalent experience Basic Qualifications: • 8 + years technology sales experience • Bachelor’s Degree Required Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 288642 1051679 Locations United States, New York (NY) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 