 Back to search results Prev Job 87 of 500 Next Solution Sales Professional - Data and Analytics The newly formed National Microsoft Healthcare Team is seeking motivated and self-driven sales professionals to fill key roles for Data and Analytics Solution Sales Professional (SSP). As an SSP, you will lead a virtual team of technical, marketing, and partner resources to advance the sales process and achieve/exceed monthly and quarterly quota targets in your territory. You’ll achieve this by providing Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Business Decision Makers (BDM)/IT Decision Makers (ITDM) with insights and solutions leveraging the Microsoft Data Platform and Cloud to meet their Mission Critical Tier1/OLTP, Enterprise Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence and Big Data and Analytics solution needs. Key Responsibilities include: • Create and execute a territory sales plan to ensure your product’s revenue and unit goals are achieved including development of a healthy pipeline of qualified opportunities for Database, Cloud and BI/Analytics solutions. • Effectively engage with BDM/ITDM using insights selling to drive value-centric, solution-focused conversations to enable the discovery, qualification, acceleration, and closure of opportunities. Understand prioritized customers’ business strategies and IT initiatives needed to achieve their business goals. • Work with customer decision makers to identify solution decision criteria and orchestrate your virtual team to execute the plan to deliver against the criteria. • Create and present deliverables (e.g. criteria proof plan, value propositions, etc.) targeted to address identified customer needs and use to efficiently close opportunities. • Leverage knowledge of the customer’s environment, licensing programs, agreements, and offers to drive new, upsell and renewal data platform revenue in collaboration with the AM and Licensing Sales Specialist (LSS). • Engage with partners/ISVs to help customers transform with industry based solutions that change the game by reframing the opportunity into a digitalization context to drive growth. • Ensure rapid value realization through robust customer success plans. • Listen to customer feedback and infuse industry relevant insights into customer proposals. • Drive positive Customer and Partner Experience (CPE) that can be leveraged in future sales engagements. Skills and Experience include: • 5+ years of recognized and rewarded district, national, or global selling of software solutions to medium or large enterprises - particularly Mission Critical Tier 1/OLTP, Business Analytics and Cloud Modernization solutions (SQL Server, Power BI, Azure). • 5+ years of experience of selling into healthcare and/or pharmaceutical customers. • Solid understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and Azure or similar from a competitor. • Knowledge of technology market trends and offerings from Microsoft’s major competitors is desired. • Demonstrated ability to successfully manage and grow revenues within a diversified territory. • Demonstrated ability to identify, lead, and efficiently close complex deals. • Proven record of effective territory management, including Account Planning, Opportunity Generation and Management, ITDM and BDM Communication, and business management excellence. • Excellent communication skills, and the ability to persuade others through presentations, demonstrations, and written communications. • Ability to builds and lead virtual teams through influence working toward a common shared outcome or goal. Requirements: • Travel: 30-50% - Candidates must be able to travel to cover the entire territory as opportunities warrant. Education: • Successful candidates will have a BS/BA degree or equivalent work experience. • Additional training or education in Technology, Business, Sales or Marketing is preferred. • A passion for continuous learning. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of recognized and rewarded district, national, or global selling of software solutions to medium or large enterprises - particularly Mission Critical Tier 1/OLTP, Business Analytics and Cloud Modernization solutions (SQL Server, Power BI, Azure). • 5+ years of experience of selling into healthcare and/or pharmaceutical customers. • BS/BA degree or 2+ equivalent work experience. Preferred Qualifications: • Additional training or education in Technology, Business, Sales or Marketing. • Knowledge of technology market trends and offerings from Microsoft's major competitors. • Solid understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and Azure or similar from a competitor. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306955 1062853 Locations United States, Washington (DC) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 