 Back to search results Prev Job 335 of 500 Next Solution Specialist Organization Standard Title / Qualifier 1/Qualifier 2 Posting Title Profession Discipline Reports to (Standard title) Career Stages FY18 Comp Plan Type Specialist Sales Solution Specialist/NA/ Data &amp; AI Solution Specialist Data &amp; AI Sales Solution Sales Solution Sales Manager IC 1-4 S7 or S37(US) Direct Reports: N/A Indirect Reports: N/A What Joining the Microsoft Team Means Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they can’t achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking -- a cloud-enabled world. At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples’; lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Then come to Microsoft -- Together we will make a difference. Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? Azure is the most innovative cloud platform in computing today and Microsoft is hiring Data &amp; AI Solution Specialists (SSP). As an SSP, you will be a senior solution sales leader within our enterprise sales organization working with our most important customers. You will lead a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to advance the sales process and achieve/exceed quarterly SQL Server and Azure data services revenue and usage/consumption targets in your assigned accounts. You will help our customers take advantage of our unique hybrid data platform to make their digital transformation. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: &lt;https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture&gt; Check out all our products at: &lt;http://www.microsoft.com/en-us&gt; The Impact You’ll Be Making •50% - Build transform new markets and lead transformational shifts in our customers. Develop, communicate and provide high business impact solutions that enable digital transformation •30% - Disciplined in business-management; adaptable to a culture of accountability; build a strong and active business network; meets sales targets and operational standards. •20% - Maintain and develop a positive Customer and Partner Experience (CPE) Who We Are Looking For Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: •5+ years’ experience selling business solutions to large/global enterprise customers with a focus on data platform technologies preferred •Account Management. Effective territory/account management: planning, opportunity qualification and creation, stakeholder and executive communication, needs analysis, value engineering, services/partner engagement, opportunity management, pipeline management, large dollar licensing and deal negotiation required •Executive Presence. Experience and expertise selling to senior business decision makers by aligning &amp; reinforcing the value of the solution to the customer’s overall business pain and/or strategic opportunities and decision criteria. •Problem Solver. Ability to solve customer problems through cloud technologies required •Collaborative. Orchestrate and influence virtual teams to pursue sales opportunities and lead v-teams through influence •Azure Platform. Understanding of Microsoft server products and/or complementing solutions. The position requires the ability to articulate and present the business value of Microsoft’s solutions and have a firm understanding of Microsoft’s strategies and products relative to major Microsoft competitors preferred •Leadership. Experience leading large cloud deals especially those involving Data Platform modernization and migration, AI and related preferred •Competitive Landscape. Knowledge of enterprise software solutions and platform competitor landscape •Partners. Understanding of partner ecosystems and the ability to leverage partner solutions to solve customer needs. Education: Bachelor’s Degree required, MBA preferred, or equivalent experience. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325655 1078275 Locations United States, Cincinnati (OH) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 