 Back to search results Prev Job 12 of 500 Next SR Data &amp; Applied Scientist The OneNote, Wunderlist, Education and Interactive Docs team is looking for a strong Data Scientist to join our Customer Insights &amp; Data team to enable us to deeply understand and drive data-driven, high impact business decisions in the company-wide Education space. We work across the holistic Microsoft Education portfolio to enable the company to drive usage and engagement among teachers, students, administrators, parents and beyond. If you are passionate about empowering students and making a difference in the EDU sector, this is a fabulous opportunity to have impact and influence in a critical area of focus for the company. In this role, you’ll be joining a team hungry to learn, leverage and value your pioneering expertise to build our Data Science discipline into the rhythm of our BXT team structure. You’ll help shape and strengthen business strategy for OneNote Class Notebooks, our new Microsoft Classroom offering, understanding how our product usage enables children to learn and succeed in school, and enjoy opportunities to derive insight from EDU data from across the company. You will have the opportunity to define the role and use advanced machine learning, statistical analysis to experiment with the data as you see best to push the boundaries of how much value we can create for our customers, business and engineering within the EDU team. As part of this position, you’ll have ability to work on many different challenging data science problems across the breadth of the business, and work with individuals who have very clearly articulated business questions and success criteria we need your help answering. The successful candidate will have experience analyzing data from a wide range of datasets and across a breadth of technology platforms. They enjoy changing projects, have strong analytical and presentation skills, technical aptitude and a collaborative work style. We are looking for people who see challenges as opportunities, people who can look at complex problems and can provide actionable insights and informed decisions. Required Qualifications: - Minimum 5 years of work experience - Minimum 3 years of professional experience with any of the following technologies: C, C++, C#, Python, Shell Scripting, Java, SQL, R, Scope, Hive, MapReduce, Scala, Spark, or Pig - Master of Science degree is required, with preference given to a Quantitative (Statistics, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Mathematics, or Computer Science) or Applied Science (Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Psychology or Data Science) discipline.; PhD is preferred Other Qualifications: - Extensive knowledge and experience in at least two of the following areas: data mining, machine learning, statistics, business/customer intelligence, data modeling, information retrieval, databases, data warehousing, OLAP, data processing (ETL) - Ability to understand and translate business and product questions into analytics projects - Ability to articulate vision, requirements, and benefits to business and engineering partners - Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders, executives and subject matter experts Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 291620 1059405 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 