 Back to search results Prev Job 202 of 500 Next Sr. Program Manager Search is everywhere! As the amount of data users must keep track of grows by orders of magnitude, Search becomes an indispensable part of how users make heads or tails of their content, whether it be emails, people, photos, documents, files or any other type of content. We’re building an intelligence Search platform to take search beyond the query box to help users get more done and rule their world. If that sounds interesting, keep reading! The Data Plane Team (in the Office Products Group) is responsible for delivering a brand-new search platform that powers Querybox and search-based UX across a wide range of apps and scenarios including Outlook, SharePoint, OneDrive, Yammer, Teams, and more! We have a chance to reinvent how users get the most out of Search, using some of the best technology across the company. In short, how do we make it easier (and faster) for users to find what they’re looking for even if they can’t express it themselves? Responsibilities: We’re looking for Technical Program Managers who can define and build a robust Search Platform capable of unlocking user data and related insights across many different apps &amp; scenarios as well as the underlying data sources and content types. For many feature teams, product data is icing on the cake, but for Search, data is core to the product. We need folks who thrive on data and see opportunities to use data to build intelligent experiences. We work closely with end-user UX teams to help define their Search roadmap, but this team is first and foremost a platform team. Basic Qualifications: • 5+ years of program/product management experience Preferred Qualifications: • Previous experience building cloud services • Passion for solving technical problems and bringing complex ideas to life • Track record of going technically deep and quickly ramping up on new technologies • Ability to work independently in highly ambiguous environments • Strong communication skills and interpersonal awareness to work collaboratively with a diverse set of people across groups and organizational levels • Experience with data insights, machine learning or other search-technologies is a big plus. • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field (or equivalent experience). *Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 322062 1072559 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 