 Back to search results Prev Job 195 of 500 Next Sr. Program Manager The Microsoft AI + Research PM team is looking for a Senior AI Product Manager with deep expertise in business/economics and machine learning. This is a unique position where you would be responsible for building a new enterprise business from ground up. You will be working with some of the most well-known people in the world in the areas of Machine learning and business transformation. The team is a part of AI and Research division and is working with various groups across the company from SMSG to Dynamics to Bing. You will work with some of the most cutting-edge technologies like bots, deep learning and big data. In this job, you will not only be required to go deep in technical/research areas but possess the ability to go deep in business issues and come up with creative solution to solve the scenarios, users are asking for. We live and breathe lean and you need to be aware of the lean startup principles. Successful candidates will demonstrate proven strengths in technical innovation and execution in data sciences, v1 development, strategic business thinking, data driven execution and cross-group collaboration. This position requires a very high intellectual quotient and equally high business acumen with an entrepreneurial drive. Job Responsibilities include: • Interface with various partner teams, both internal and external, to gather user requirements, define MVPs/MMPs and define a product roadmap. • Define the KPIs and track them closely to increase the user satisfaction and business impact. • Act as a cross disciplinary expert in the areas of business analytics and deep learning. • Extract actionable insights from huge volumes of rich data using data mining, statistics, and database techniques. • Spec and drive architectures and interfaces required to effectively integrate with partner ecosystems. Qualifications: • BS in Computer Science or Engineering with at least 8+ years of PM experience; MBA preferred • Strong customer focus, with experience in driving business productivity solutions for enterprises Successful track record in continuous delivery of cloud-based services • Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills • Strong focus on data-driven engineering, and ability to drive impact based on metrics • Superior communications skills, both verbal and written • Excellent collaboration abilities • Extensive knowledge and experience in at least one of the following areas: Sales and marketing analytics, customer support analytics, data mining, web mining, machine learning, statistics, business intelligence/customer intelligence, user modeling, information retrieval, databases, data warehousing, OLAP, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/measurement, parallel and distributed computation (two or more areas are preferred) • Strong theory/algorithm background and very good understanding on how to apply advanced mathematical algorithms knowledge to solve real business problems • Experience/knowledge with various data analysis tools, data mining tools, and statistical packages Experience with R, Python, Azure ML, Cosmos, SQL is a plus • Ability to write code is a big plus • Extensive business analysis experience • Data Science experience preferable Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com Job # 324353 1075511 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams AI &amp; Research Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 