 Back to search results Prev Job 324 of 500 Next SR PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER Do you have a passion for marketing innovative technologies, have strong product marketing and partnership skills, and want to join a critical, innovative and fast-growing business at Microsoft? Do you want to help drive the industry conversation around big data, cloud, and AI and drive adoption of new technologies to ISV’s (Independent Software Vendors)? Do you love thinking big and making an impact at scale? If so, then the Data Platform Product Marketing team has an opportunity for you. We are looking for a rock star product marketer to own the overall development, coordination and go to market execution with ISVs to deliver the next generation of big data, analytics and AI applications on Azure. This is an end-to-end product marketing role that requires strategic thinking, strong partnership skills, cross-group collaboration and storytelling as well as a passion for technology and data. As a Sr. Product Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for end to end orchestration with key stakeholders from within Microsoft and externally with partner leadership and working teams to create the Market Maker ISV program and drive market share and revenue growth on both Microsoft Cloud services and targeted partners’ solutions. Success will be measured based on your impact to partner business growth and transformation from GTM plan that you have developed. Specific responsibilities will include, but not limited to: • Deep understanding of the ISV ecosystem needs for Big Data, Analytics, AI and new SaaS application patterns • Understanding of how ISVs deploy cloud services to build their apps &amp; solutions • Identify ISV partners with vertical industry relevance for targeted applications, competitive positioning and strong alignment with Microsoft cloud and data platform strategy. This entails deep engagement and incubational efforts prior to programmatically enabling it for the broader partner ecosystem • Establish an execution plan across the C+E marketing, Engineering and One Commercial Partner teams • Drive custom GTM plans aimed at developing a robust ISV solutions portfolio and technical readiness on those solutions • Work directly with the ISV partner’s product, marketing and sales organizations to plan and execute a comprehensive GTM plan as required. You will need to interact with the partner at senior executive levels and collaborate on a joint GTM vision • Collaborate with stakeholders to integrate top ISVs into marketing campaigns, GEPs, showcases • Curate and evangelize ISV customer success stories and case studies • Create the core BOM strategy and plan to enable a strong partner and field readiness plan • Work with ecosystem PM teams and TPMs to support the readiness plan with technical content Qualifications Candidate should have 5+ years of experience in building and executing ISV focused GTM partner strategies. We are looking for a highly motivated, results-driven marketer, who has technical aptitude, leadership skills and business acumen and strong storytelling skills. Candidate must be able to operationalize and execute on the plan with a high degree of accountability. Candidate must be able to generate high-impact ideas, clearly prioritize, manage multiple projects simultaneously and drive them to completion, have a proven ability to work across virtual teams and motivate others within and across Business Groups. This position requires excellent oral and written communications abilities, and strong interpersonal skills including the ability to interact with technical and business leaders. The candidate should be familiar with database technologies. MBA is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 306113 1061399 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Marketing Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 