 Back to search results Prev Job 326 of 500 Next Sr. Revenue Program Manager The Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) group is an exciting and fast evolving engineering group within Microsoft. MCIO’s mission is to optimize and deliver industry leading cloud infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft’s online services. The organization is responsible for strategy and delivery of the foundational platform for all Microsoft Online Services including demand and capacity forecasting, supply chain, data centers, networking, bandwidth, operations, and incident management. MCIO supports over 200 online businesses including Bing, O365, OneDrive, Xbox and Azure branded services. To ensure cloud revenue and supporting operations work in concert to deliver on our Customer promises, we’ve established a robust Sales and Operations Process (S&amp;OP). Our connection with our company revenue targets along with actual’ performance radar’ acts as key demand planning signal. As part of the S&amp;OP process, we’ve established a specialized Sales Program that interfaces with Sales, Marketing, Finance and Engineering teams. This allows us to do deep forensic reviews of the global revenue patterns, translate these into work load demand units and these contribute to our cloud datacenter growth strategy. We’re looking for talented individuals that have cloud sales, supply chain and financial analytical experience. As part of the Sales Program within MCIO, were looking for a “Revenue Program Manager” that will drive revenue to demand unit translation and shape our demand forecasting strategies. Additionally, this person will be responsible for supply\demand matching and will contribute to risk mitigation strategies. Plan, gather information from disparate sources, deeply understand subject, and build solution to provide business insight to stakeholders Hands on design and implementation of data analytics, data organization, and data visualization, demonstrating ability to use data to influence &amp; drive business decisions. Responsible for maintaining business rules and database logic to transform and standardize data and reporting. CORE JOB RESPONSIBLITIES: • Strong collaboration with Revenue\COGS finance teams and GSMO to capture revenue targets and associated performance metrics • Translation of revenue targets into demand units (server\service workloads and power needs) Country and Datacenter specific supply\demand matching • Recommendations and sensitivity analysis on supply\demand migrations including input on pricing waterfalls, subscription policies and demand shaping • Strong cross-functional leadership across MCIO Partners (Demand Forecasting, Long Range Planning, Product Operations &amp; Data Center Delivery Teams) • Collaboration with Global Ecosystem, Marketing, Business Planning, CXP and Engineering to support Subsidiary needs for availability of capacity • Key point of contact for the Subsidiary and the Field leadership to support sales and revenue enablement MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: • BA/BS required, • 5+ years of experience in Supply Chain\Fulfillment PERFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: • Understanding of business metrics, financial analytics, and proficiency with financial calculations for capacity planning • The successful candidate will be skilled at financial and capacity planning scenario modeling, with strong communications skills and passionate about solving complex infrastructure problems • Advanced Power BI, modeling, Excel skills and proficiency in SQL comfortable in manipulating large volumes of data • Data-oriented, analytical and detail oriented, yet balanced with an ability to be able to step back from the data to draw the right business conclusions • Functional knowledge of Microsoft technology, cloud computing, connectivity and supporting business models • Strong problem solving, judgment, decision making and strategic capabilities, complemented with a bias for action • Experience or exposure with consensus demand\demand forecasting processes • Effective cross-functional collaborator with the ability to effectively lead teams through complex business situations • Proven track record for navigating through diverse, complex organizational and external customer relationships • An ability to think critically and act decisively in ambiguous situations • Excellent communicator (written and verbal) with ability to create and deliver executive friendly presentations with story on complex product, business and supply chain topics • MBA preferred • 10+ years of highly developed quantitative and analytical skills • Experience Supply Chain\Fulfillment, preferably with cloud based services This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 325660 1077972 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 