 Back to search results Prev Job 18 of 500 Next Sr. Software Data Engineer - MileIQ Sr. Software Data Engineer - MileIQ At MileIQ, we work in small, independent, cross-functional Scrum teams to craft innovative software solutions for our customer's needs. We're looking for software engineers who are passionate about human-centered design, finding simple solutions to complex problems and excel at solving real issues for real people. Over 2 million users trust MileIQ, the top grossing finance app in both app stores, to automatically log their mileage for their largest deductions and reimbursements ever. Join us in reinventing the future of productivity. Join as one of the initial members of MileIQ's newly formed Data team. We are looking for data engineers that are passionate about building a scalable analytics and machine learning platform. You will be charged with building our next generation data analytics pipeline and data warehouse ready to support massive growth in customer data. This platform will also power insights that will be used directly in product features. Our engineering team is fast-paced and agile with weekly production pushes. We keep alive an inherently startup-like, risk-taking culture but we also take the responsibility seriously to carry one of the world's most recognizable software brand names - Microsoft. Responsibilities: - Design, develop and operate our data warehouse infrastructure - Implement and operate data pipeline for collecting millions of metrics per day from client applications and users - Architect our next generation analytics and machine learning platform - Write code to develop new software products and/or features, manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. - Work with data scientists and analysts to put machine learning models into production - Build tools, frameworks and dashboards to support running experiments and analyses - Lead data governance and review all data and database schema changes. Qualifications: - Experience setting up and managing multi-TB data warehouses and HDFS clusters. (experience with Azure Data Warehouse or Redshift, preferred) - Experience with ETL processes to transform data from a variety of data sources to a normalized form - Experience building data pipelines leveraging open source technologies like Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Pig, and Spark. - Experience working with RDMS databases (e.g. PostgreSQL or SQL Server), managing connection-pools, performance tuning and optimizations. - Experience with database design and SQL/NoSQL data-stores - 3+ years programming in SQL and Python - BS Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent work experience. - Large-scale systems software design and development experience, with experience in Unix/Linux. Preferred Qualifications: - Experience building data pipelines leveraging Azure/Microsoft technologies (e.g. Azure Data Lake, HDInsights), a plus. - Experience with machine learning libraries such as Mllib, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and/or Keras, a plus - Experience with modern visualization tools such as Grafana or Kibana, Jupyter notebooks - Experience with data governance and managing large data schemas, a plus - Experience working with Python and Spark in a production environment. Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320837 1070205 Locations United States, San Francisco (CA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 