 Back to search results Prev Job 356 of 500 Next SR SOFTWARE ENGINEER The Visual Studio product line brings rich client experiences together with cloud services to create developer experiences for building next generation applications targeting devices across multiple platforms (Android, iOS, and Windows) and cloud services, providing world class debugging and diagnostics tools to developers. Visual Studio is used by millions of developers each day and yet we are just starting to get a understanding of product usage, product health in the real world and the developers that use it. Our business depends on a data-driven, customer-obsessed approach to validate that the customer experiences are world class. As such, we expect to invest in tools and engineering systems to help collect, ingest, analyze and visualize data, deeply understand customers, engage with them to understand their needs, and invest in other efforts that will help us assess value and also deliver insights into these experiences. A successful candidate for this position is passionate about big data, has experience with open source and technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc., enjoys developing innovative engineering solutions to solve hard technical problems, and isn’t afraid of jumping into new and unknown territories. We’re evolving our team to become a data driven organization, join us and you’ll have the opportunity to play a pivotal role in that transformation and help drive our business on a cloud cadence. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES • Develop innovate solutions to ensure maximum impact in the data platform space of Visual Studio product line • Engage with internal partners and the community to drive product and business health • Collaborate with an outstanding team of colleagues REQUIREMENTS • 6+ years of experience in software engineering • Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc. • Experience with open source software • Solid skills in programming language such as either JavaScript, C#, Java, C/C++ • A BS or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Self-motivated, proactive, and results-oriented • Strong sense of teamwork, personal integrity, responsibility and accountability If you’re ambitious and have a passion for great end-user experiences supported by big data, come talk to us. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 305472 1062490 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Cloud and enterprise Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 