 Back to search results Prev Job 201 of 500 Next Sr. Software Engineer Office 365 is at the core of our Company’s mission to enable people and organizations to achieve more. Be part of the team building platform services handling millions of users and exabytes of data. This isn’t just some large-scale web service: the implementation ranks among the world’s largest and most cutting edge distributed systems, spanning across data centers around the world. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to build the business data analytics platform that enables key leaders to make data driven decisions regarding the state of the business and how to run it most effectively. The projects involve using existing data, data processing pipelines, and analysis software to enable data scientists and analysts to produce new insights about the state of our business. Succeeding in this role will require: • Strong passion and proven experience delivering highly quality services. • A deep understanding of the Microsoft business, business questions that influence key decisions, and how we make those decisions. • Strong ability to handle significant ambiguity and rapid change • Relentless focus on customer needs • Strong verbal/written communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences • Exceptional problem-solving skills, both business and technical. Skills and qualifications: Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years of data related software development experience Preferred Qualifications: • Success in a previous engineering role delivering high-scale cloud services. • 3+ years of significant previous data experience. • 5+ years of cloud experience • Critical thinking, intellectual curiosity, strong track record of structuring and solving complex problems • Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles • BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related technical fields Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324225 1076674 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 