 Back to search results Prev Job 286 of 500 Next Sr. Software Engineer Office 365 has made Microsoft into the largest SaaS company in the world. With over 100 million mailboxes and the fastest growth in the industry, it represents the world’s largest store of human behavioral and network data about work and contains tremendous potential to inform and increase organizational productivity around the world. Our team of engineers and data scientists have pioneered the analysis of all such collaboration signals into anonymous, aggregated, predictive data that can help enterprises measure, correlate collaboration to key business processes. In addition to identifying and quantifying potential productivity issues, the team is starting on a journey to convert issues into specific actions for employees to follow and improve individual and group behaviors. This is an opportunity to join this team and become an expert on measuring and improving productivity in the enterprise. Who we are: We have a startup culture - dreaming big, working hands-on with customers, and daring to build something that has never been built before. Our team applies cutting edge big data and analytics technology, machine learning and high-end business services to empower executives, managers, and individuals to better understand and focus their own time and their team’s time around their important priorities. Who we need: Strong, highly motivated engineer with a passion to enable the best possible experiences to our customers. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity and a shifting landscape. Have experience with Azure or other cloud services, passionate about iterating fast, and getting the right design for our customers. With entrepreneurial spirit and a can-do attitude. Curious about machine learning, understand efficient data structures, familiar with algorithms and have a track record of shipping software based services. Basic Qualifications: • 6+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience in object oriented development Preferred Qualifications: • Strong computer science fundamentals and proven algorithm design capability • Proficiency in object oriented development, with C# and .Net Framework preferred • Hands on experience in implementation of large scale big data use cases • Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills • Hands on experience in architectural design • Experience working in a startup environment or v1 products • Experience with using machine learning and data analysis techniques on real datasets • DevOps Experience supporting production systems Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323495 1074728 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Development (engineering) Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 