 Back to search results Prev Job 55 of 500 Next Sr Technical Program Mgr, Data &amp; AI, Solutions Strategy &amp; Operations, WWDSS Are you passionate about enabling Microsoft customers and partners to get the most from their Big Data, Data Platform, Analytics or Artificial Intelligence solutions? Are you energized by working with customers/partners to understand their business imperatives and requirements, then collaborating across the company to design and implement data-driven intelligent systems that deliver the desired business results? Can you take ‘marketecture’ and make it real and exciting to our sellers? Then, read on! The Data &amp; AI Solution Area in Microsoft Enterprise Solution Strategy &amp; Operations leads the Azure Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Platform strategy and aligned execution through Services, Commercial Business, Partners, and WW Industry and Public-Sector teams. We lead the business direction assisting with the marketing, presales, and sales assets spanning the customer journey of enterprise customers across the globe. The Sales and Marketing team has a critical role in program development, field landing of our go-to-markets and sales enablement, and, also works closely with the Data &amp; AI Delivery Domain to ensure that our field teams can implement the solutions that we’ve promised our customers. We are looking for a highly skilled senior Technical Program Manager to provide technical strategies and technical guidance to ensure alignment from sales to delivery across Microsoft, globally. Senior Technical Program Manager, Data &amp; AI, Sales and Marketing Programs Data &amp; AI are a critical part of Microsoft’s overall strategy, key to the success of our customers and partners. In this role, you will be responsible to ensure Services is well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity! You will work with the Business Program Managers on the team to translate and validate their business architecture roadmap and to create the technical components of our sales and marketing approach using IP harvested from engineering and field engagements. This drives the alignment of our marketing and sales strategy with our overall business strategy by laying the foundation for customer adoption of solutions leading to customer success. You will play a key role in providing feedback to our leadership team to shape the Enterprise Services strategy for Data &amp; AI, as well as to our engineering teams to shape their engineering roadmaps to focus on customer success. Your core responsibility is to drive implementation architectures and delivery methods and practices through partnerships with engineering and Services’ delivery teams that will inform and reinforce our overall business strategy and individual go-to-markets by fulfilling the customer promises that we make. You will drive consensus on technical patterns and practices that can be leveraged effectively for delivery, and then ensuring that the delivery approach is truthfully reflected in our marketing and sales material that refer to the solution. In addition, you will be working with the delivery teams to make sure that capabilities exist to support these approaches or that there are readiness plans in place to build those capabilities. Key Responsibilities: • Understand the capabilities and value propositions of the current product portfolio and roadmap and the solution architectures that deliver the value promised, including the key technologies that support the key business outcomes. Provide insight and guidance relevant to competitive advantages Microsoft’s technology may or may not have over competing products and services. Research relevant cloud innovations, especially in the open source arena, and proactively anticipate the challenges and disruptions these may bring to our strategy, GTMs and solutions. • Develop solution architectures that will deliver a high-quality implementation by working with SMEs and our Business Program Managers and incorporating ideas and input from multiple contributors while ensuring a finished product that meets the solution’s functional and non-functional requirements as well as the business requirements of the end-customer and Microsoft’s business strategies. Practice “egoless” architecture and encourage this in each SME v-team. • Drive the development of IP assets designed specifically to increase the agility of the team in launching new solutions and even GTMs. Inform the evolution of the GTMs in an agile fashion by programmatically engaging with field SMEs to rationalize feedback on existing scenarios and prioritize new scenarios based on relative growth potential. Develop an efficient and effective process to detect and harvest IP assets from field engagements as well as to consume and generalize them rapidly into usable assets for field roles. • Engage deeply with the sales field to understand where we are winning (or more importantly losing) due to system technical capabilities and/or technical delivery capabilities. Ensure that sales and marketing messaging aimed at ITDMs exists and is aligned with and reinforces BDM messaging both around our overall Data and AI strategy as well as for specific GTMs and solutions. • Help to shape the Enterprise Services strategy through the 3-year business plan, yearly execution plan, and sales playbooks, primarily by incorporating the corporate technical strategies and roadmaps. Desired Knowledge and Experience: • 10+ years of experience in designing and implementing Data/AI solutions, including large scale analytic solutions and systems that leverage predictive models for decision support • Experience in consulting, preferably with Enterprise-scale organizations, managing programs or projects, driving outcomes through diverse groups, through influencing based on business value and shared priorities • Strong business acumen with the ability to translate business challenges and solution approaches into implementable architectures supported by delivery methods and practices that can fulfill the sales and marketing vision. • Strong analytical skills, data synthesis, a passion for analytics technology, and creativity in defining how new technologies can help customers reduce costs, improve profitability, gain efficiency and gain a competitive advantage • A background in statistics and machine learning and a good understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of different approaches to developing predictive/statistical models for different problem types. • A familiarity with AI (neural networks), the current opportunities and challenges in this space as well as the competitive landscape around AI. • Polished and professional communication and presentation skills, internally and with customers and partners at all levels, specifically the ability to make the complex technical issues of data science intelligible to non-technical audiences, so they can confidently make critical business decisions. • Education: an undergraduate degree in computer science or statistics and/or data, or equivalent experience. An advanced degree in a similar area will be a key differentiator Location/Travel: You will be based in Issaquah, WA. Global travel, approximately 15-20%, estimated two or three weeks per quarter, will be expected. Much of the travel will likely be in the United States and Canada. Microsoft Digital, Services &amp; Success With 23,200+ employees globally, Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success is one of the company’s largest groups, serving customers in 191 countries and 46 languages. Simply put, we help customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments by delivering their voices back to our business groups to make our technology even better—and by accelerating their transformation journeys to become digital businesses. For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com wwdss Job # 324463 1075453 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Consulting services Teams Consulting services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 