 Back to search results Prev Job 311 of 500 Next Sr. User Researcher - Surface Are you curious, empathetic and passionate about understanding how people use new devices and technologies? Do you care and think deeply about how human interaction with physical objects matters in product design? The Microsoft Surface Team lives to build epic experiences that embody Microsoft’s vision. If this inspires you then we want you on the Surface Product Research Team. We need an influential senior researcher who will deeply understand customers and provide leadership which inspires, and helps us deliver amazing end to end products and experiences. Our culture moves and iterates fast. Your creativity, agility and ability to be an amazing partner across all disciplines of design, engineering, data science, market research, planning and other software teams across Microsoft will enable your success. You will be accountable for leading a research program for an entire product end to end, and you will be expected to work both strategically and tactically in your day to day research efforts. To be successful in this role, the following skills are required: Basic Qualifications: • 7 + years of experience in user research • MA/MS in psychology, HCI, human factors, or engineering OR a BA/BS in psychology, HCI, human factors, engineering with 7 + Years of User Research experience in Consumer Products Industry OR Academic research in Consumer Products. Research Skills: • At least 7 years of experience in industry conducting applied research on consumer products with a depth in hardware product research. • Experience as a researcher on an end to end product - creating schedules, defining and tracking user experience goals and metrics, driving execution on projects, and managing the work of additional resources. • Experience with a broad range of research methodologies (qualitative and quantitative techniques) and you understand the right balance between the two. • You have the ability to work in up-front generative space as well as throughout product development that involves more iterative, rapid, and evaluative methods. • Post launch research, mining customer sentiment and verbatim analysis. Data analytics, machine learning, and data science background a huge plus! • Excellence in data analysis, and synthesis and the ability to coach others to get to a high-quality insight state. Influence and Impact Skills: • Leadership skills to influence across and up the organization to bring customer empathy and understanding to the table. • Strong oral and written communication skills; experience presenting to executive-level audiences; proven track record of bringing clarity to messy data stories. • Passion and energy in all that you do. • Demonstrated ability to visualize and present rich research data simply and clearly. • A track record of moving beyond data by translating customer needs, behavior and insight into user requirements, and work with engineers, program managers and designers to develop specs that achieve an intuitive and usable experience for our customers. • Strong aptitude for learning new technologies, and demonstrated agility and flexibility in decision making and the way you work. You demonstrate an openness and growth mindset in all that you do. Requirements: • Either an MA/MS or PhD in psychology, HCI, human factors, engineering or related field, OR a BA/BS in one of the above fields with significant academic or industry experience. • Strong advocate for the user experience and successful use of data, customer insight, and passion to argue and persuade decision makers. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 324863 1077375 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Research Products and technologies Surface Teams Devices Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 