 Back to search results Prev Job 203 of 500 Next Statistician While many businesses collect data, few can compete with the breadth and depth of Microsoft’s products and resulting data. The mission of the Consumer Data and Analytics group is to combine data from across Microsoft’s consumer services and devices to drive product development, growth, and decisions. The data sciences team is looking for a statistician to help build value from this data who is self-directed, entrepreneurial, and focused on delivering results. You will join a small team of like-minded scientists from a wide variety of backgrounds. The candidate should be able to apply a breadth of statistical tools and analytical techniques to answer a wide range of high-impact business questions and present the insights in a concise and effective manner. You should understand the basics of experimental design, preferably in the online setting. Some programming experience is necessary (particularly with Python, R, Matlab or similar) but the implementation of production software is not a responsibility of this role. Responsibilities include: • Research and develop statistical methods to analyze data from up to millions of users • Research new ways for understanding, modeling and predicting end-user behavior • Assist in the design of complicated online experiments and ensure their analysis is completed in a statistically rigorous fashion • Work closely with engineering teams to identify and answer important product questions Basic Qualifications Include: • Ph.D. in Statistics or closely related field is required • At least one year of experience working with large data sets is required Preferred Qualifications Include: • Research experience in computational aspects of one or more of the following area (or highly related) preferred: Bayesian modeling, causal inference methods, finite mixture models, generalized additive models, joint modeling, missing data methods, nonlinear mixed models, structural equations modeling, survival analysis • Experience with a numerical programming language such as Python/Numpy/Scipy, R, Matlab, or similar and some familiarity with SQL or similar. Knowledge of C#, C, Java, etc… a plus. • Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-dimensionality from varying sources to solve difficult problems • Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 321675 1070600 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Data &amp; applied sciences (engineering) Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 