 Back to search results Prev Job 104 of 500 Next STU Director - Data &amp; AI Microsoft is empowering every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. We have set ourselves three bold ambitions: create more personal computing, reinvent productivity and business processes and build the intelligent cloud. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. As part of our transformation, one of our key areas of focus is the modernization of our sales motions. The Insides Sales (IS) organization is a newly formed organization with a charter to accelerate Microsoft’s growth in its cloud-first, mobile-first businesses along with the traditional businesses. This organization is at the forefront of establishing a new sales model leveraging modern technology and big data and analytics to drive impactful demand response and targeted sales coverage. The Specialist Team Unit (STU) Director, is a director within our Inside Sales organization for the Americas. As the field-based leader of our Specialist Sales leadership team for the Americas, the STU Director is responsible for developing and leading a team of solution specialists and technical specialists to provide and sell the best-in-class cloud service and platforms to our Corporate customers, building the momentum of digital transformation for our customers &amp; partners as well as the company itself. The STU Director is a great sales coach and leader, has a challenger mentality, is fluent in sales-leadership practice and contributes with vision and flawless execution of solution sales across solution areas with a focus on the technology. Key Responsibilities: The STU Leader is a proven sales and people leader who provides thought and customer advocacy leadership to the Specialist Sales team. Sales leadership: • Develops and leads a successful technical sales team which overachieves their quota every quarter and executes high quality sales discipline according to established KPIs • Exceeds expectations on business scorecard and customer cloud adoption and consumption Customer Advocacy: • Leads from the front, personally engaging at CXO level to support and coach teams on opportunity discovery and acceleration; Leads STU sellers to drive end-to-end business solutions (drive solution area thinking and behaviors), increasing customer and partner satisfaction and average deal sizes YoY. Accelerates customer value realization through consumption of cloud services. Thought Leadership • Provides value to customers through bringing insights on digital transformation and industry trends, clearly articulates the value of both first party and third party cloud based industry solutions, leveraging our Independent Software Vendor(ISV) and System Integrator(SI) partner network. People leadership • Develops a high-performing team by hiring diverse talent, prioritizing development, leading by example and by preparing people for more senior positions in other parts of the organization. • Coaches Seller’s with a “challenger mentality” by prompting Seller’s to engage early and lead with new insights on how to grow the customers’ business. Requirements: • 8+ years of related leadership experience: Senior sales and technical leadership roles, managing high performance sales and technical-sales teams, coaching solution sales and account development strategies • Experience driving organizational transformations while delivering on short-term results; • Strategic planner with track record driving results faster than competition in new markets/solution areas (preferred: cloud services growth and consumption) • Solid interpersonal skills, coaching skills, cross-group collaboration and proven ability to influence across organizational boundaries • Talent attractor: Proven history attracting and developing new leaders • Meaningful non-Microsoft prior sales leader experience at IT Consulting and services or cloud services company. • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a similar information technology-related discipline, or in Business Administration required. • Master’s degree preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 308412 1068231 Locations United States, Las Colinas (TX) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 