 Back to search results Prev Job 248 of 500 Next Support Eng Make Traffic Quality at Bing part of your career story! The Microsoft Global Traffic Quality team operates on the front-lines of one of Microsoft Advertising’s most important competitive battles. Fraud in the online advertising space is an increasing threat to online user safety and the internet’s economic model around the globe. The Traffic Quality team plays a key role in fighting every day to protect users and customers from bad actors in the Bing Ads Network. With Bing Ads playing a major role in Microsoft’s economic future, the stakes are high in ensuring our network is clean and representative of the Microsoft brand! As a Traffic Quality Engineer, you will be part of a core team focused on highly technical, highly complex data analysis to provide advanced Fraud and Malware support for Microsoft’s online advertising marketplace. The focus will be analyzing search traffic for anomalous patterns across advertiser and publisher data, campaigns, domains, apps and traffic sources to protect our advertisers? ROI across the Bing Ads Network, and to identify suspicious or fraudulent traffic sources and entities. We embrace our work with passion because of the positive impact it has for our business, Microsoft, the internet community and the world! Does the idea of driving detailed and complex investigations with a detective/hunter mindset to catch bad actors excite you? If so then you may be a fit for our team! The ideal candidate will enjoy solving complex technical issues, tackling new and evolving challenges, and have a knack for identifying trends and patterns in data. You will join a team that is focused on results, working together to solve problems and committed to developing people. People are our number one asset, and a positive team culture that operates on a core set of principles is paramount. Responsibilities: • Takes a customer first mindset and creatively works to meet customer needs • Take ownership to resolve customer issues in accordance with SLAs balancing speed and quality • Proactively hunts for, and works to mitigate fraud or out of compliance activity on the network • Uses advanced investigative techniques to connect dots between disparate data sources and signals to identify underlying fraud threat vectors for highly complex cases • Analyze large volumes of data to interpret traffic patterns, document conclusions and make system and process recommendations to mitigate further issues • Raises trends and threat vector opportunities for platform features / improvements to drive business impact • Through technical expertise and leadership, leverages technologies and develops tools or capabilities to enable new investigative methodologies • Leads v-teams / projects or programs to leverage partner teams or resources to more broadly connect the dots on threat vectors • Proactively works to update and launch process updates to improve operations efficiency and effectiveness • Works to progressively evolve Traffic Quality detection and investigation methodologies Minimum Qualifications: • A BA or BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, Information Technology or related technical discipline. • 2+ years working in security and/or online forensics, preferably with organic or paid search technologies, web analysis tools or web development. • 3+ years relevant experience, including work with web technologies such as XML, HTML, IIS, ASP, AJAX, PHP, Flash, JavaScript or other emerging technologies used to creatively generate invalid traffic. • Solid data visualization skills to represent large data sets Experience of working with remote/virtual teams. • Ability to communicate and document complex problems in non-technical terms at various levels within the organization. • English language skills including strong verbal and written communication skills required for all levels of stakeholders • Very strong problem solving skills, attention to detail and commitment to quality • Motivation and ability to work well in a team environment • Occasional night and weekend on-call work may be required. Preferred Qualifications: • MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, Information Technology or related technical discipline • Organic &amp; Paid search experience preferred • Knowledge and experience in two or more of the following areas: data mining, web mining, machine learning, statistics, business intelligence/customer intelligence, user modeling, information retrieval, databases, data warehousing, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/measurement. • Experience in Machine Learning and Data Science is a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323619 1074577 Locations United States, Seattle (WA) Job families Services (engineering) Teams Bing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 