 Back to search results Prev Job 146 of 500 Next Technology Solution Professional - DataPlatform Technology Solution Professional - Data Platform Cloud Computing is the next step toward ubiquitous and pervasive computing. Azure is Microsoft’s world-class cloud computing platform used to build, host, and scale web applications and is one of the major strategic thrusts in Microsoft’s Data Platform and Analytics stories. The growth of Microsoft’s Data Platform (SQL Server and Business Analytics) continue to outpace the industry, powered by innovations delivered in Azure. Come join the Data Platform and Cloud team in the Enterprise Partner Group (EPG) as a Technical Solutions Professional and be front and center in our customer’s transformation to Microsoft’s Data Platform and cloud-based architectures. At the same time, you’ll be playing an influential role in transforming Microsoft to a Mobile First, Cloud First Company. The Mid-Atlantic States District is currently looking for a Technology Solution Professional. The successful candidate will provide strategic technical leadership supporting Microsoft customers and partners to adopt, deploy, and support solutions based on SQL Server and related Data Management technologies on premises and within the Microsoft Azure Cloud. These technologies include Business Analytics, Reporting, Business Intelligence, Transaction Processing, Predictive Analytics, and Data Warehousing. This candidate will be critical in assisting the Mid-Atlantic District to exceed its SQL Server, Data Platform and Cloud revenue goals by providing deep technical expertise, effective sales support, and superior customer focus. Subject area expertise in any one of the Microsoft Data Management technologies must be complimented with an understanding of the entire Data Management portfolio to effectively advise customers on architecture and deployment across this solutions stack. As a Technology Solution Professional, your primary responsibility will be to move customer workloads to SQL Server, related Microsoft Data Platform technologies and Azure. In addition to identifying new workloads, additional responsibility will be to deepen, with existing customers, the utilization of new feature functionality and overall service consumption. This is a technical customer facing role that will be accountable for the end-to-end customer data platform, cloud adoption and deployment experience. You will own the SQL Server, Data Platform and Azure technical customer engagement including specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concept (POCs). The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and have had success leading technical and economic value discussions with senior customer executives that drive key decisions and implementation. The success of this role depends on collaboration with generalists and specialists in the MSFT field and delivery teams (including partners, services, product engineering). In this role, you would be responsible for: • Interfacing with both the generalists and specialists in the Microsoft sales and delivery teams (including partners, services, Internal Microsoft Product / Service organizations) focused on adoption of Microsoft Data Platform and Cloud offerings • Executing quick technical feasibility and proposal development for moving identified workloads to the Microsoft Data Platform and Cloud (i.e. quick and dirty, comfortable with 80-20 rule) • Building a technical Data Platform architecture for on premises or Azure for the selected apps/workloads • Selecting a migration approach to transition the workloads to the Microsoft Data Platform on premises or in Azure or architecting a green-field development and/or production platform for new applications • Effectively communicate the key strengths and functional breadth of Microsoft Data Platform and integration of our product line for development and deployment. • Increase, accelerate and grow SQL Server, Microsoft Data Platform &amp; Cloud deployments. • Assist with partner and internal sales readiness • Executing limited POCs, if necessary • Driving the quality of the onboarding plan (with MCS or partners) • Reporting to the customer as business objectives / business value conditions are met • Documenting and sharing technical best practices / insights with engineering and the architect community Desired Skill Sets/Qualifications: • 5+ years of management and success in consultative / complex sales processes where necessary, managing various stakeholders (Primary: TDM, Secondary: BDM) relationships to get consensus on solution / projects • 5+ years of design, implementation and support of highly distributed applications (i.e. having an architectural sense for ensuring availability, reliability, security and scalability.) • 5+ years Database architecture, Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse design or administration experience on industry leading Database Platform (Ex: SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, OSS etc.) • Oversight experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams • Comfortable working in a team setting, regularly interacting and effectively communicating with others of varying technical levels. • Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences • 1+ year of experience with Hadoop and Big Data Architectures • 2+ years of experience in “migrating” on premises workloads to the cloud • Experience in AGILE development, SCRUM and Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) with programming experience in one or more of the following areas strongly desired: .NET, C++, Hadoop, NoSQL, Java, PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby on Rails, Pig/Hive • Working knowledge of cloud infrastructure components: Software design or development, Systems Operations / Management, Virtualization IP Networking, Storage, IT Security • Technical BS degree, Computer Science or Math background highly desired, MBA optional This position is based out of Pittsburgh, PA or surrounding area. Travel: Candidates must be able to travel to cover the Mid-Atlantic States District as opportunities warrant. Up to 30% travel required. Note: No relocation available. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 282868 1036367 Locations United States, Pittsburgh (PA) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 