 Back to search results Prev Job 351 of 500 Next Tech Solutions Prof Job Description Technology Solutions Professional Advanced Analytics &amp; AI Location is Houston, TX. Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they can’t achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking -- a cloud-enabled world. At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples’; lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? Azure is the most innovative cloud platform in computing today and Microsoft is hiring Advanced Analytics &amp; AI Technology Sales Professional (TSP). As a TSP, you will be a senior technical solutions sales leader within our enterprise commercial sales organization working with our most important customers. You will work within a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to help educate your customers at a technical level, demonstrate, and prove our solutions, and accelerate their digital transformation journey through Microsoft Big Data, Advanced Analytics, and Artificial intelligence. You will lead and manage relationships with Data Scientists, Business Decision Makers (BDMs), App Dev Leads to drive Advanced Analytics platform adoption and achieve/exceed platform consumption targets. Being part of this team will allow you to maintain and develop your deep technical expertise &amp; thought leadership across Microsoft &amp; Open Source Advanced Analytics and Artificial intelligence solutions. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us The Impact You’ll Be Making: Primary accountabilities for this role include: 50% - You will be the key technical leader and influencer in shaping customer decisions to buy, architect and adopt Microsoft Big Data, Advanced Analytics, and AI solutions. Being a member of the sales opportunity team, you will give technical presentations, demonstrations, help execute proof of concepts, design and implement solutions leveraging P-Sellers, partners, ISVs and MCS as needed. You will directly support the market share and revenue growth of Microsoft Data and AI platform through your technical leadership in designing and implementing mission critical solutions for our customers. 30% - You will be the thought leader in Advanced Analytics and AI space. You lead by participating in internal Microsoft technical communities and in the broader industry events and publishing blogs, whitepapers, reference architecture etc. in your area of expertise. 20% - You will influence the Microsoft Data &amp; AI platform go to market strategies by providing feedback to sales, marketing, and engineering on current and future product requirements and sales blockers you encounter. Who We Are Looking For: Technical Solution Leader. Advanced Analytics architect. The expertise and ability to integrate complex elements and customer requirements into innovative technical architectures in the Big Data (Hadoop, Spark, Enterprise Data warehouse and ETL) and advanced analytics space required Cloud Trust. High-level expertise in sophisticated identity, authentication, security, privacy, and compliance requirements, and experience integrating them into cloud and hybrid solutions required. Technical breadth. Industry leading experience with cloud, hybrid infrastructures, networking and adjacent technologies, architecture designs, migrations, and industry standards required. Performer. Highly driven person who consistently performs well above company or industry norms required. Executive Presence. Strong leadership to influence industry decision makers and boards required. Lead. Able to lead, inspire and mentor members of the Microsoft sales, services, and marketing organizations and Microsoft partners required. Influencer. Ability to drive and influence vibrant internal and external communities through extremely strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, product demo, writing, and verbal communication skills required. Consummate Professional Experience: • 10+ years of related experience in technical pre-sales and/or technical consulting roles preferred. • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field required. • Certification in domain-specific technologies required. • Certification in the following technologies preferred: cloud application development technologies (including OSS technologies) and Azure architecture and development exams (70-532 and/or 70-534) • Certification in information security desired. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 320701 1069246 Locations United States, Houston (TX) Job families Sales Teams Sales Microsoft Sales. Sales dynamo? If your version of the ABCs is “always be closing,” check out our jobs. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 