 Back to search results Prev Job 342 of 500 Next Web BI Analyst The Office PMG Web Team is looking for a digital analyst to own the web reporting and analysis of the office pre-sales web experiences and optimization process. This critical role will work as a part of the BI and optimization team to deliver key reports and analysis to key stakeholder’s groups. Key areas of responsibility include: • Meet with stakeholder groups (product marketing, site management, and CXM) to establish KPIs and using the BI tool create regular dashboards for end user consumption. • Act as the data expert in the strategic collection, analysis, and sharing of data. • Translate key data insights into digestible formats to be leveraged by strategic decision makers. • Contribute to the web tracking maintenance and future strategy. Qualifications of the successful candidate include: • 3-5 years of web industry experience specifically with web data collection and analysis, split test implementation and tag management. Preferred: • Proficient with web analytics, testing, targeting and tag management technologies; WEDCS, Webtrends, Adobe, Comscore etc. • Experience collaborating with and leading cross functional teams within marketing and engineering. • The ability to convert complex data findings into presentations for broad audiences. • Strong verbal and written communication skills. • The ability to understand and use data to drive decision making and strategy. • Proficient with excel and other BI and data visualization tools. • Experience with the technical aspects of web analysis and tagging strategies (JavaScript, Testing Integration, and Tag Management) • Exposure to all aspects of digital marketing (Web, SEM, SEO, Direct, Social, CMS, Analytics, Mobile, Development, Localization, Lead Nurture, etc.) • Comfort managing multiple projects simultaneously amid ambiguity and without direction. • Has superb analytical, decision-making, and project-management skills. • BA/BS degree required, MBA degree optional. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. Job # 323289 1074390 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Product planning (engineering) Teams Marketing Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 