 Back to search results Prev Job 316 of 500 Next WPA Field Solutions Expert Who you are: A savvy communicator with a successful track record in an analytics, consulting or business development role. You understand the complexity of our Fortune 500 customers and you enjoy the quick and innovative problem solving required to meet their emergent needs. You welcome the challenge of big data and are eager to develop expertise in the many applications of behavioral data. As a Field Solutions Expert, you will be responsible for developing and communicating an extensive understanding of the field of Workplace Analytics while collaborating with our stellar small team of dedicated sellers or partnering with leading strategy consulting companies. You will weave together your broad business experience, data analytics and consulting skills to craft amazing stories that bring to life the transformative capabilities of Workplace Analytics. This is a new product in a new market with limitless opportunity to be creative and drive meaningful change within Microsoft and the millions of customers we serve. Who we are: The Workplace Analytics team was formed with the acquisition of VoloMetrix by Microsoft in Fall 2015. We have retained our startup culture - dreaming big, working hands-on with customers, and daring to build something that has never been built before. Our team of about 100 people applies cutting edge big data and analytics technology and high-end business services to empower executives, managers, and individuals to better understand and focus their own time and their team's time around their important priorities. We have been featured in Harvard Business Review 16 times, as well as in the Wall Street Journal, The Economist, Fortune, Forbes, CFO and Inc. We have the world's largest dataset for our field and a world-class toolkit for building and scaling our product. Key Tasks and Responsibilities •Own and drive pre-sales consulting workshops in collaborations with sellers and partners •Craft relevant content to help land the Workplace Analytics story •Scope and define consulting engagements to deliver services along with platform capabilities and accelerate value realization for our clients •Collaborate closely with internal Customer Solutions team to: (1) ensure successful hand-offs of successful deals, (2) learn newest analyses and success stories that can be generalized and applied in sales cycle •Contribute to R&amp;D and Product Development efforts by systematically sharing and disseminating learnings from sales pursuits Basic Qualifications: •4+ years and a successful track record in strategy, consulting or business development role Preferred Qualifications: •Demonstrated track record of applied analytics understanding; conversant in topics such as data integrations, correlations, visualizations, prediction and modeling. •Demonstrated track record of business decisions, processes and change in large organizations. •Demonstrated track record of excellent presentation skills. An analytical business case presentation exercise will be part of the interview process. •Willingness to travel 25-50% •Deep data analytics expertise •MBA Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Job # 324396 1076706 Locations United States, Redmond (WA) Job families Program management (engineering) Products and technologies O365 Teams Applications and services Empower your future. .LinkedInTitle { font-size: 18px; color: #2D2D2D; width: 700px; padding-bottom:5px; } /*#2F89BD*/ .CompanyInsiderBlock { width:400px;} 