 Actuarial Business Analyst - Trend Analytics and Forecasting: 182078 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Actuarial Business Analyst Assignment: Trend Analytics and Forecasting Location: Louisville, KY Humana needs your analytical skills to help us tell a compelling story about healthcare today. Through the strategic interpretation of data, we provide our consumers with meaningful insights about the choices they make and help them lead their best lives. We’re passionate about combining and analyzing diverse types of data to extract new, actionable discoveries about our members and their health-related behaviors. We encourage you to dive into your passion for data and use analysis to help Humana tell the health-and-wellness stories of our members. We’re looking for driven, innovative people who are interested in using their data-mining and analytical skills to help our consumers achieve lifelong well-being and help Humana make lasting, positive changes in the healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the actuarial world – help solve dynamic business problems by providing analytical support in our actuarial community. Humana is seeking a Business Analyst that will work with leaders to monitor outcomes of strategic initiatives and identify additional opportunities to impact medical claims costs. Duties include: Develop a library of metrics, methods, processes and reports in support of clinical strategy and development. Perform root-cause analyses to support leaders in answering the “why’s”. Research and identify trend drivers. Collaborate with fellow team members as well as build productive cross-functional relationships within multiple areas of the organization. Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Pursues Excellence: Seeks out learning, strives to develop and expand personally, and continuously helps others upgrade their capability to contribute to Humana. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Accounting, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related field 3+ years of experience in utilizing SAS, SQL, or other relational database Experience with data reporting and analysis Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Project or Access Ability to work well under pressure to meet deadlines Ability to work in a fast paced, dynamic and changing environment while managing multiple projects simultaneously Strong attention to detail Role Desirables Experience in the health solutions industry Proficient in Excel, Access, VB, SQL and SAS Prior work history in a project related setting Prior experience working with Qlikview Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 