 Analytics Consultant: 182959 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Analytics Consultant Assignment: Healthcare Quality Reporting and Improvement (HQRI) Location: 500 W Main Street, Floor 24, Louisville, KY Healthcare is changing radically. It’s not just about insurance or providing care. It’s rapidly becoming a deeply personalized approach to helping people live life to the fullest, enabling them to achieve their goals and dreams. We promote lifelong wellbeing by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative, determined individuals who want to make a difference in the lives of our members, our company, and the entire healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking an Analytics Consultant for its Louisville, KY location. As an Analytics Consultant, you will work directly with internal customers to help guide Humana’s decision makers (executives to front-line leaders) to maximize clinical effectiveness, enhance quality of care, and minimize waste and variability within the healthcare delivery system using your consulting, analytics and problem solving skills. CMS distributed nearly $3 Billion in Stars quality bonuses last year to Medicare Advantage plans based on healthcare quality standards and measures. In this role, you will have a direct impact on maximizing the excellence of care that Humana’s members receive and, in turn, the financial benefit that Humana receives by achieving high performance. You will: Assess and influence Humana’s healthcare quality operations, strategies and tactics using in-depth analytics and knowledge of healthcare industry and healthcare data. Work closely with partners in the Healthcare Services Organization, Humana’s Medicare markets and other corporate functions to understand the specific needs of those partners and organizations and develop clinical quality analyses, metrics and tools that meet those needs to deliver the right behavior and interventions for our members and providers. Develop subject matter expertise in the latest quality metrics for the Medicare and Medicaid programs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of partners across the enterprise. Blend big, fascinating, and messy data (structured and unstructured) to measure Humana’s performance and provide competitive intelligence on the healthcare industry. Use industry leading database systems, clinical decision engines and algorithms to extract meaningful insights about the business and what influences quality performance. Examine and communicate trends to senior leaders regarding: Effectiveness of Care, Pharmacy Safety, Consumer Perception, and Service &amp; Operations Role Essentials Must have Master’s Degree in Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or other closely related technical field and 2 years of related experience. Required experience must include 2 years in the following areas: Analyzing data with a proven ability to synthesize quantitative results, derive business implications and make clear recommendations; Working with one or more of the following statistical, database or data visualization tools, such as SAS, QlikView, Tableau, SQL, PL/SQL, MS Access, R, Python, or SPSS; Performing healthcare reporting analytics and dealing with quality metrics; Working within a healthcare environment, assisting in analytics tool development for Medicaid or Medicare, as well as industry standards for measuring healthcare quality: HEDIS, CAHPS, HOS, and other quality metrics Performing analytics with Medicare, Medicaid and/or other healthcare data; Preparing presentations and presenting and communicating research findings and reports to senior leadership, colleagues, or business stakeholders; and Defining customers’ business problems in both business language and mathematical terms, and providing an analytical solution to improve quality outcomes. Reporting Relationships You will report to a Director or Manager of Stars Analytics. This area is under the leadership of the VP of Healthcare Quality Reporting and Improvement (HQRI). Pre-employment drug screen and background check required. 5-10% local, regional and national travel to professional conferences or meetings may be required. Send detailed technical resume to Humana, Amanda Millay, Talent Acquisition Specialist, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, KY 40202, or apply online at www.humana.com/careers (Ref. # 182959). EEO At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 