 Applications Consultant: 180798 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Applications Consultant Assignment: Humana Government Business- IS Development Location: Office- Louisville, KY In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule The role of the Applications Consultant for Humana Government Business is to plan, analyze, design, develop, test, and implement information systems of increasing complexity within the framework of the Humana Military systems architecture to support the company's objectives in the most effective, efficient, and economical manner. Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Systems Development Accountabilities System Planning, Analysis and Design: Contribute to systems analysis and design efforts with the responsibility for tasks associated with the initiation, definition, and specification of information systems. These systems can include multiple inputs, outputs, databases, business objects, web services and user interfaces. Assist Systems Manager or Director in planning education, documentation, and installation approaches in conjunction with the appropriate support documents. Provide preliminary workload estimates for development tasks assigned by Project Leader, Systems Manager or Director. Document development materials in accordance with Humana Military and Project Leader standards. Prepare detailed programming specifications from business requirements as directed by Project Leader, Systems Manager or Director. Relating to Development, Testing and Implementation: Write, update and test programs for batch and online systems in accordance with Humana Military standards using in-house developed and third party controls. Programming tasks will range from low to high complexity. Guide junior staff in coding tasks. Prepare and execute detailed systems test plans and assist end users with acceptance testing as needed tests to ensure high application quality in terms of usability, speed, security and accuracy. Plan system installation and conversion support as directed by Systems Manager or Director. Prepare all necessary system, operations and turnover documentation as directed by Systems Manager or Director in accordance with Humana Military standards. Prepare user documentation as directed by Project Leader. System Maintenance: Administer, document and perform work required to correct problems with and make minor modifications to existing systems as directed by Systems Manager or Director. Provide on call support as requested for various applications systems. Project and Change Management Accountabilities Utilize Project Portfolio Management Methodology: Use Project Dashboard application to manage assigned projects Create, update and store all required project artifacts as assigned in the project repository designated in the Project Dashboard. Participate in and contribute to Scrum sessions (Agile Methodology), Phase Review (Waterfall Methodology) sessions and other project work sessions as required. Utilize Formal Change Management Process: Submit code and object changes for turn according to established Humana Military processes and schedules. Verify that system turns completed successfully in the QA and production environments. General Performance Accountabilities Relating to General Performance: Report time and progress on assigned tasks in accordance with Information Systems development standards. Perform other tasks that may be assigned by supervisor for the purposes of training and career development or are in the best interests of the company. Extend professional knowledge and skills through departmental supplied facilities and self-motivated opportunities. This role description in no way states or implies that the key accountabilities above are the only ones being performed by the individual(s) with this role description. The individual(s) may be called upon and required to follow other instructions or perform other duties and tasks requested by his or her supervisor, consistent with the purpose of the position, department and/or company objectives. Role Essentials Four years of progressive information technology experience Bachelor’s degree, technical area preferred or technical training equivalent Two years of current .Net and SQL Server experience Good oral and written communication skills Experience with Microsoft Visio or similar diagramming tool Ability to work well in a team development setting Demonstrates job competencies and expectations of the Senior Applications Engineer Development experience with VS 2013 or VS 2015 and the following: ASP.Net, C#, JavaScript, VB Script, HTML, CSS and SQL Experience with SQL and development utilizing MS SQL Server back end databases Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Role Desirables Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer Certification Project Management Experience Healthcare related experience Understanding of SDLC, OO principles, design and architectural patterns such as MVVM Experience with MS SQL Server Stored Procedures and SSIS Experience with IBM DB2 Working knowledge of Java, Objective C or Swift programming languages Experience with Rapid Application Development software tools such as Telerik RAD Controls Working knowledge of Web API Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Community Based Outpatient Clinics, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services. 