 Appointment Clerk Puget Sound - Full Time: 182634 Primary Location : US-Washington-Tacoma Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Appointment Clerk - Full timeAssignment: Humana Government BusinessLocation: Tacoma, WA Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Schedules appointments for MTFs using appropriate guidelines. Verify patient eligibility through DEERS, confirm TRICARE data in CRIS, and update patient demographics in CHCS. Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Using CHCS, schedule and cancel appointments for patients at MTFs (multiple clinics). Coordinates in a professional and courteous manner, with patients and clinic staffs to resolve patient issues and concerns. Provide an explanation of TRICARE benefits, and answer questions regarding enrollment, portability and eligibility. Input telephone consults in CHCS to the physicians enabling patient/provider contact on medical issues and concerns. Verify patient eligibility through DEERS, confirm TRICARE status in CRIS, update patient demographics in CHCS. Use CHCS to track and schedule referral appointments to the specialty clinics at the MTFs. Negotiate appointment date and time. Role Essentials Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) One year minimum administrative work experience, including typing High School diploma or GED Must be able to work flexible hours &amp; adaptable to change Excellent verbal and telephone communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills Typing speed of 40 words per minute Excellent customer service skills &amp; pleasant phone voice Able to handle high volume of calls and customer contacts in a polite and professional manner Able to talk on telephone and type at the same time Role Desirables Knowledge of CHCS and Microsoft Word Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services. 