 Big Data Scrum Master: 182440 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Big Data Scrum Master Assignment: Consumer Analytics and Data Strategy Location: Irving, Texas Do you get excited with Big Data and Machine Learning? Do you believe technology has a critical role to play in the ongoing healthcare industry transformation? Do you want to be part of a dynamic team that excels in implementing the best big data and machine learning applications? Are you ready to create something new that will positively affect the healthcare and technology industry in a noble and purposeful way? We are seeking a Big Data Scrum Master to lead design and development of the next generation big data and machine learning solutions Expectations: Manage agile sprints for big data and machine learning applications including daily standups, sprint plans, epics, stories, backlog etc. Comprehend business requirements and convert those into sprint level tasks appropriate for software engineers and machine learning scientists, using hands on knowledge of Apache Hadoop, Spark and related platforms within the context of big data and machine learning domain Build and nurture relationships with business partners and product owners Comfortable working in a fast paced agile environment, closely interacting with business and some of industry’s best software engineers and machine learning scientists Role Essentials : BS in Computer Science or related field 3+ years experience managing agile sprints 2+ year of software engineering experience, preferably in big data/machine learning space 2+ years programming experience using one or more of Java, Python, C++ 2+ years experience using SQL and traditional data warehouses. Experience with Oracle and IBM Netezza preferred 2+ years experience developing over Unix/Linux environment Willingness to learn new technologies and comprehend unfamiliar data domains and new business processes quickly Role Desirables MS in Computer Science or related field Prior experience in healthcare/health insurance space Experience with data visualization platforms like Tableau Relevant certifications Working knowledge of Unix/Linux system administration and shell scripting At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 