 Big Data - Principal Machine Learning Scientist: 182417 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Big Data - Principal Machine Learning Scientist Assignment: Consumer Analytics and Data Strategy Location: Irving, Texas Do you get excited with Machine Learning and Big Data? Do you believe technology has a critical role to play in the ongoing healthcare industry transformation? Do you want to be part of a dynamic team that excels in implementing the best big data and machine learning applications? Are you ready to create something new that will positively affect the healthcare and technology industry in a noble and purposeful way? We are seeking a Principal Machine Learning Scientist to design and implement cutting edge algorithms and analytical applications leveraging the best of big data and machine learning techniques Expectations: Design and develop machine learning and big data solutions for Humana Consumer Analytics Possess in depth understanding of various machine learning algorithms. Able to tweak core design/implementation to enable efficient parallelism within big data domain Evaluate various machine learning algorithms and recommend the best ones under various scenarios, considering business goal along with field activation and implementation challenges associated with big data platforms Comfortable working in a fast paced agile environment, closely interacting with business some of industry’s best software engineers and machine learning scientists Role Essentials : BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Open source contributions or robust portfolio of shipped code at GitHub Overall 4+ years experience evaluating, designing and/or implementing machine learning applications, some of it in big data environment 3+ years programming experience using one or more of Java, Python, C++ Familiarity with open source machine learning libraries 3+ years experience using SQL and traditional data warehouses. Experience with Oracle and IBM Netezza preferred 3+ years experience developing over Unix/Linux environment Working knowledge of agile development techniques Willingness to learn new technologies and comprehend unfamiliar data domains and new business processes quickly Role Desirables Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field Experience in Natural Language Processing and/or Deep Learning Experience with data visualization platforms like Tableau Relevant certifications Some programming experience with Scala (or any functional programming language) and Apache Spark or similar big data frameworks At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 