 Big Data - Principal Software Engineer / Machine Learning Developer: 179913 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Big Data Principal Software Engineer Assignment: Consumer Analytics and Data Strategy Location: Irving, Texas Do you get excited with Big Data and Machine Learning? Do you believe technology has a critical role to play in the ongoing healthcare industry transformation? Do you want to be part of a dynamic team that excels in implementing the best big data and machine learning applications? Are you ready to create something new that will positively affect the healthcare and technology industry in a noble and purposeful way? We are seeking a Big Data Principal Software Engineer to design and implement cutting edge machine learning solutions Expectations: Design and develop big data and machine learning solutions for Humana Consumer Analytics Possess in depth understanding of computer science parallelism concepts and efficient data processing techniques suitable for machine learning applications Architect and implement ETL solutions using best practices in Hadoop and Spark ecosystem. Understand available data, including both in structured and unstructured formats, and recommend effective ways for storage and analytical processing Comfortable working in a fast paced agile environment, closely interacting with business and some of industry’s best software engineers and machine learning scientists Role Essentials : BS in Computer Science or related field Open source contributions and robust portfolio of shipped code at GitHub Overall 3+ years of experience designing and implementing data processing and/or machine learning applications in big data environment 2+ years of experience with Hadoop and Spark 1+ years of programming experience using Scala 3+ years programming experience using one or more of Java, Python, C++ Familiarity with open source machine learning libraries 3+ years of experience using SQL and traditional data warehouses. Experience with Oracle and IBM Netezza preferred 3+ years of experience developing over Unix/Linux environment Working knowledge of agile development techniques Willingness to learn new technologies and comprehend unfamiliar data domains and new business processes quickly Role Desirables MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field Experience implementing applications around Natural Language Processing and/or Deep Learning Experience with data visualization platforms like Tableau Relevant certifications At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 