 Business Consultant, Program Operations: 180936 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Business Consultant- Program Operations Assignment: Humana Government Business- Service Operations Location: Office- San Antonio, TX Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule The Business Consultant-Program Operations will be responsible for supporting business consulting by providing data, information, and critical analysis for optimal decision making and execution in regard to all aspects and functions of Government Services. This includes identifying data sources, preparing and analyzing data, developing reports and charts to display information, and identifying options or making recommendations accordingly. Interfaces with Humana Military business segments and the TRICARE Regional Office – East on data operations, use of the Government Portal, contingency operations, and other programs. Our Department of Defense contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES Function as data consultant and liaison between TRO-East and Humana Military, including processing operational data requests from Humana Military business leaders, enhanced MultiService Markets (eMSMs) and Military Treatment Facilities (MTFs). Operate the regional help desk and resolve first tier user inquiries related to the Government Portal and second tier inquiries regarding the Provider Portal. Develop and maintain statistical reports and control charts of Humana Military management systems and TRICARE contract standards and metrics in accordance with established procedures. Plan, conduct, and report contingency exercises and operations in compliance with contract requirements. Maintain alignment tables required to manage locality reports and analysis of designated geographic areas of the TRICARE region. Create territorial and population density maps using specified mapping application. This role description in no way states or implies that the key accountabilities above are the only ones being performed by the individual(s) with this role description. The individual(s) may be called upon and required to follow other instructions or perform other duties and tasks requested by his or her supervisor, consistent with the purpose of the position, department and/or company objectives. Role Essentials Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) BS/BA in Business, Health Care Administration or a medical discipline or equivalent education and/or experience Minimum of three years of experience in a managed care environment Keen verbal and written communication skills Proven ability to establish and maintain strong professional, collaborative relationships Masterful problem-solving skills Skilled in quantitative data analysis tools and techniques (i.e. Excel, Access, SAS, SQL) Proficient in use of Microsoft Office products Role Desirables Graduate degree in Business, Health Care, Health Care Administration, or other related field Experience with TRICARE contracts and/or the military health care delivery system Certification by a professional organization Extensive knowledge of TRICARE policies and programs Excellent negotiation skills Reporting Relationships You will report to a Regional Lead Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Community Based Outpatient Clinics, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services. 