 Business Analysis Competency Center Business Consultant: 182721 Primary Location : US-FL-Tampa Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Technology Business Consultant Assignment: IT - Business Analyst Competency Center Location: Tampa, FL In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Information Technology team - gather requirements and present solutions that improve business processes and systems. Humana is seeking a Business Consultant that will collaborate with the business and IT partners in developing solutions and alternative approaches to solving a given problem. They understand requirements in the broadest context of business problems and opportunities, having a broader perspective than one domain. They know and understand the business domain information (processes, rules, business data model) for one or more domains, and use this background to envision improvements and solutions. Work with business stakeholders to understand a business problem in both depth and breadth, and then propose one or more solutions for the problem that addresses the need in a systemic and cross-domain fashion. Co-design, guide, and support the implementation of solutions for business processes that meet the requirements of project owners, and connect to upstream and downstream impacts. Serve as go-to resource for analysts and other project stakeholders for information and guidance on business rules and processes for assigned business areas. Ensure that solution requirements are properly documented, such as use cases, user stories, process flow charts, screen mock-ups, test scenarios, and test cases. Create and lead initiatives for special projects, developing a greater understanding of system and environmental issues in the process. Work alongside the business to review and analyze results, assisting business areas with issue resolution. Identify issues or areas for improvement and facilitate follow-up efforts to address. Contribute to final decisions regarding the readiness of product release. Develop and maintain key relationships with all impacted business areas. Mentor business analysts within their assigned business areas. Role Essentials Knowledge of: Systems Development Life Cycle Waterfall and Agile Development Methodologies Microsoft Office Suite, including Visio Wireframes Experience in: IT business analysis, including artifacts development Problem solving and consultation within complex environments Facilitating cross-functional teams’ efforts Role Desirables Master’s Degree of Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field Reporting Relationships This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 