 Business Analyst - Service Fund: 179865 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role:Business Analyst Assignment: Service Fund Location: Louisville Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Humana Service Fund organization, enabling the success of our provider community with world class services only Service Fund can provide. You will collaborate with market contractors and finance leaders and other customers to understand their business objectives. You will develop solutions to complex business needs and make decisions based on logical arguments to create predictable outcomes. You will execute system updates utilizing Excel and web based interfaces that enable the Service Fund system to execute contract terms. Humana is seeking an individual to effectively work with Service Fund customers and translate their objectives into effective actions that achieve desired results. Skilled in analyzing data against expected outcomes to determine accuracy and issue root cause Develop and communicate actionable and clear insights for customers’ transactional request Able to prepare concise and meaningful data presentations in excel using simple graphical presentations Use appropriate problem-solving, research and analysis tools to collect, analyze and synthesize quantitative and qualitative data and information Roles Essentials Bachelor’s Degree Demonstrable expertise with Excel for data analytics and graphical presentations Experience in SQL or equivalent database systems Experience in data management, data extraction and data reporting Demonstrated ability to translate complex system capabilities into simple customer message Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications Word and Power Point Demonstrated ability to identify root cause and corrective actions Demonstrated independent decision making when clear direction is not available Role Desirables Experience with Provider Risk Contracting 1 – 3 years with accounting and/or financial analysis experience Understands the Service Fund system, and its interactions with other Humana Systems--i.e. Enrollment, Accounts Payable and CAS Ability to understand the administrability of proposed and executed provider contracts, and communicate impacts to broader audience Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager under the leadership of the Director of Service Fund. Additional Information If you have additional questions regarding this role posting, please send them to the Ask A Recruiter persona by visiting go/Buzz and searching Ask A Recruiter! Please be sure to provide the requisition number so we may be able to research your request quicker. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 