 Case Manager, RN: 182592 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Other Locations : US Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Case Manager, RN Assignment: Humana Government Business - Clinical Guidance Location: Work at Home- Central and Eastern time zone locations Assignment Capsule The Case Manager will be a member of the HGB’s Integrated Care Team (ICT) encompassing Case Management, Disease Management, and the Personal Nurse program; providing a comprehensive, holistic approach for care management throughout the continuum of care. The case manager will offer guidance and support of the beneficiary’s care as directed by the patient’s provider(s) and within the scope of the case manager’s licensure. The case manager will assess, plan, coordinate, implement, monitor, and evaluate the medical services required to meet the complex health needs of TRICARE beneficiaries, to maximize each beneficiary’s capacity for self-care, to cost-effectively achieve desired clinical outcomes and to enhance quality of medical care. The case manager will collect and document data to facilitate measurement of case management involvement. As part of the Integrated Care Team, the case manager, will serve as the primary coordinator and point of contact for the beneficiary for all activities within the medical spectrum, including collaboration with Humana Behavioral Health Case Management on cases with dual diagnosis. They will also coordinate with other members of the ICT as needed, in addition to MTF UM / CM staff, physicians and providers as necessary and coordinate and arrange services necessary to address the beneficiary’s condition. In their role, the Case Manager will collaborate/coordinate services with other care management programs, to include, but not limited to, Humana at Home, New Beginnings, and End of Life services until the beneficiary’s needs are met and case closure or graduation is achieved. Performs all duties within the scope of his/her licensure. Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Utilize applicable sources of information to identify, assess, and enroll patients requiring case management Assess, plan, coordinate, implement, monitor, and evaluate the care of each beneficiary under the Case Management / ICT purview across the continuum of care. Develop a cost effective treatment plan that is acceptable to both the beneficiary (patient) and other members of the care team utilizing both evidence based medical information, DoD and community resources. Plan shall include psychosocial issues, home environment and behavioral health needs across the full continuum of care. Maintain beneficiary’s privacy, confidentiality and safety, advocacy, adherence to ethical, legal, and accreditation/regulatory standards during this process. Coordinate and collaborate with other members of the ICT or external programs to ensure a fully integrated care plan addressing all beneficiary needs and conditions; documenting interventions and outcomes for beneficiaries within the case management and ICT team. Support the Patient Care Coordinators with the coordination of care for beneficiaries not under case management as needed. Role Essentials Active licensed RN in state of employment Case Management Certification (CCM) required Three years clinical or managed care experience Interqual (or Milliman) knowledge Computer literate Good communication skills, verbal and written Good organizational skills Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position Role Desirables Bachelor’s degree in nursing or health related field Two years case management experience Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services. 