 Center Administrator: 180291 Primary Location : US-FL-West Palm Beach Other Locations : US-FL-North Palm Beach Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Center Administrator Assignment: MetCare Location: West Palm Beach and North Palm Beach, FL Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At MetCare, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At MetCare, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule MetCare is seeking a Center Administrator to lead both our West Palm Beach and North Palm Beach Centers. Under the supervision and guidance of a Manager, the Center Administrator holds principal responsibility to oversee operations of the medical center. The Center Administrator works collaboratively with medical and operational leadership in delivering population health management in a cost-effective, quality-oriented manner with great patient experience. The Center Administrator will be responsible for monitoring the center’s utilization and cost patterns along with its quality and continuity of care for members, directing the center efforts to retain satisfied members, reduce the center’s retainable Medicare dis-enrollments and increase member satisfaction. Primary duties include the hands on oversight of the daily operations of the center to ensure maximum efficiency in the care and service of patients. MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Assist in developing the centers budget and review of company financial reports. Assures adherence to budgetary goals and proper allocation of resources. Monitors center expenses and budget to ensure cost effectiveness. Directs leadership of supervisory staff and ensures adequate staffing levels. Ensures work schedules and staffing patterns are implemented and recognizes and Promotes teamwork. Evaluates and formulates action plans based on review of utilization data, staff recommendations and patient feedback, in order to improve the quality and effectiveness of center operations. Review disenrollment and enrollment reports on a monthly basis. Oversee facility’s membership and implements center activities to retain members and ensure their satisfaction with the center and plan. Responsible for reducing the centers’ retainable Medicare dis-enrollments. Responsible for ensuring proper training and mentoring of all associates on population health and their role in the success of continuity of care patients. Orientation and training of staff on center policies and procedures Interviews and hires new staff. Evaluates employee performance according to established standards. Conducts counseling and initiates educative and disciplinary activities to improve employee performance. Reviews daily cash reconciliation / deposits and other reports as necessary and ensures all monies including petty cash is accounted for and safeguarded. Controls ordering and distribution of office supplies, patient care supplies, pharmaceuticals and equipment. Handles patient problems and complaints, and works effectively and promptly on problem resolution. Conducts routine meetings with the staff (including PCP’s) and documents topics discussed, action plans and staff feedback. Participates in and facilitates staff, patient education, and marketing activities. Meets with marketing to develop marketing events to promote center growth. Effectively handles the management of patient flow to gain customer satisfaction and quality outcome. Ensures procedures are adhered to by staff to obtain optimum customer satisfaction. Assures that the facility is clean and well-maintained and that all equipment is in good working order. Maintains patient and business confidentiality at all times and treats patients, the public and co-workers in a professional manner. Performs other related duties and responsibilities as assigned. Support company philosophies, objectives, decisions and policies. Essentials: Three or more years of operational leadership experience within a multi-physician office or clinical group Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Business Administration, Healthcare Administration or related field Direct leadership experience and demonstrated ability to lead, coach and mentor teams Proven interpersonal skills with the ability to interface effectively both internally and externally with a wide range of people including physicians, office staff, hospital executives, medical groups, IPA’s, community organizations and other health plan staff Knowledge of and experience working with Provider Communities Experience with Electronic Medical Record (EMRs) or Health Information Management (HIMs) systems Knowledge of Excel, Word and Power Point Presentations in a business setting If selected for this role, you will be required to complete and pass a background check/investigation for AHCA compliance This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB Desirables: Medicare knowledge Managed care experience Value Based Care knowledge Basic knowledge of Population Health Strategy Proven ability to function effectively in matrix management environment and as a member of an interdisciplinary team Solid understanding of medical care delivery, managed care financial arrangements and reimbursement Experience managing a budget Additional: This role requires the ability to travel between West Palm Beach and North Palm Beach Centers on a regular basis and will occasionally require local travel for meetings. Center operational hours are Monday – Friday from 8 AM until 5 PM. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 