 Clinical Auditor, RN or LPN - Miami, FL: 178632 Primary Location : US-FL-Miami Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Clinical Auditor, RN or LPN Assignment: Medicare Health Services Location: Miami, FL The hours of this role are Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm. Hours can be flexible when overtime is needed. This is an in office role with eligibility to work at home after 6 months. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Clinical Auditor to ensure the quality and accuracy of work being performed in the HSO Pre-Cert Department. Audit Health Services Department authorizations for appropriateness and provide reporting to support audit findings. Assist department with clinical understanding as it pertains to each audit. Coordinate and conduct organization determination audits and summarize findings for the leadership team to initiate and identify needed corrective action plans. Analyze authorizations and medical records in accordance with specified departmental policies and procedures. Report issues on absence of documentation, incorrect decision making, non-compliance with timeliness, not using established criteria for decision making, or not following departmental processes. Responsible for internal and external communications to obtain needed information and/or verify data related to the audit. Initiate documentation, tracking and follow-up of daily or quarterly audits, within expected time frames. Recommend process changes, audit or training opportunities related to trends, process, and accuracy rates. Coordinate special projects and any additional tasks as determined by your manager. Role Essentials Current Florida nursing licensure as an RN or LPN or medical equivalency, required. Ability to work independently under general instructions and with a team. Knowledge of medical terminology, ICD-10 &amp; CPT coding, and Medicare Diagnosis Related Group (DRG) payment methodology. Overall knowledge of Medicare standards and regulations required. Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Strong analytical, organizational and time management skills. Utilization Management experience. Intermediate computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint), required. Role Desirables Bachelor’s Degree (BA/BS) and/or equivalent. Prior auditing and medical record review experience. 2 to 3 years of managed care experience, preferred. Bilingual (English and Spanish), preferred; must be able to read, write and speak English. Additional Information As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 