 Clinical Guidance Specialist - Bilingual (English/Spanish): 178315 Primary Location : US-Puerto Rico-San Juan Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Clinical Guidance Specialist – Bilingual (English/Spanish) Assignment: Health Risk Assessment Location: El Mundo Office Bldg. - San Juan, Puerto Rico Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a Clinical Guidance Specialist. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule As a Clinical Intake Specialist you will contribute to the success of Humana’s business strategy by collecting broad based information and gathering resources and data in order to arm the team with the tools necessary to enhance consumer engagement, choice, and trust. This is an office based position in San Juan, Puerto. The ideal candidate will have experience working with customers over the telephone; have excellent communication and computer skills, and prior longevity with employment. Responsibilities include: Make outbound calls to engage members and/or providers to verify clinical information. Receive and manage inbound calls from members Document all calls and attach clinical information received. Create and send out written correspondence. Role Essentials Associate’s degree, 2 yrs. of college or equivalent experience. Ability to multi-task duties while working in a fast paced environment. 2+ years of customer service experience. This position is full-time (40 hours/week) Monday – Friday from 8am-6pm. It may be necessary, given the business need, to work occasional overtime or weekends. Demonstrated ability in using computer and Windows PC applications. Bilingual English/Spanish - must be able to speak, read and write in both languages without limitations or assistance. Role Desirables Prior experience in a call center setting or phone support role. Knowledge in Medical Terminology and coding (ICD-9, ICD-10, CPT, HCPC's). Reporting Relationships You will report to a Frontline Leader. Additional Information ***Please submit resume in English Any Humana associate who speaks with a member in a language other than English must take a language proficiency assessment, provided by an outside vendor, to ensure competency. Applicants will be required to take the Interagency Language Rating (ILR) test as provided by the Federal Government. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 