 Clinical Risk Investigator: 182273 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-IN-Indianapolis, US-Texas-San Antonio, US-Illinois-Chicago, US-GA-Atlanta, US-North Carolina-Charlotte, US-OH-Cincinnati, US-Louisiana-Metairie, US-Massachusetts-Boston, US-Pennsylvania-Pittsburgh, US-FL-Tampa, US-New Hampshire-Portsmouth, US-South Carolina-Lancaster Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Clinical Risk Investigator Assignment: Clinical Compliance Location: National, WAH Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Clinical Compliance is looking for a Clinical Risk Investigator to conduct investigations on complaints that may involve fraud, abuse, theft, and/or exploitation, and perform various other duties pertaining to complaints, inquires, and occurrences that come into our team. In this role you will: Utilize multiple computer applications to extract and compare data Conduct satisfaction calls to members to determine quality issues Compile data and create a report to submit findings to committee Report adverse decisions to the relevant Board of Nursing Perform other duties within the team, such as guiding associates in proper way to respond to a member’s inquiry or complaint, following up on incidents reported to our team, identifying trends, responding to emails coming into the team mailbox. Other duties as assigned Role Essentials Bachelors Degree Minimum of two years investigative experience Ability to understand investigative processes Strong organizational skills Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Strong customer service skills Strong experience with (MS Word, Excel) Must be detail oriented and strong observation to details Strong personal and professional ethics Must have a separate room with a locked door that can be used as a home office to ensure absolute and continuous privacy while you work. Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed for optimal performance from Humana systems is 10M x 1M Role Desirables Prior healthcare experience Ability to filter and manipulating data in Excel Microsoft Access experience Strong background in writing concisely and accurately Experience working in a health plan Understanding of care management operations Understanding of healthcare industry, investigative processes, and auditing a plus Reporting Relationships You will be reporting to a Manager within the Healthcare Services Compliance &amp; Risk Management Organization. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 