 Clinical Advisor Pharmacist - Variable Staffing Pool - Temporary Full-Time: 183219 Primary Location : US-FL-Tampa Other Locations : US-Texas-Houston, US-North Carolina-Charlotte, US-TN-Nashville, US-Virginia-Roanoke, US-WI-Green Bay, US-KY-Louisville, US-OH-Columbus, US-Louisiana-New Orleans Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Clinical Advisor Pharmacist - Variable Staffing Pool - Temporary Full-Time Assignment: Humana Clinical Pharmacy Review Location: Work at Home, U.S. Pharmacy: Partner with people who care Bring your unique talents and perspectives to Humana and help us bring better healthcare solutions to our members. At Humana, you’ll have the opportunity to interact with members, provide professional advice, and enable positive outcomes in a growing organization. Humana’s innovative approach to mail-order pharmacy solutions enables us to outpace the competition, with the well-being of our members in mind. Our innovative Pharmacy solutions offer a cost-effective, easy way for our members to receive their medications without waiting in line, and giving them back more time in their days to enjoy life. We’re looking for people from a variety of healthcare backgrounds to join our growing pharmacy team and work with people at all levels of the industry. At Humana, you’ll partner with people who care. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Pharmacy world – providing perfect service to members in a growing Pharmacy environment. Humana Clinical Pharmacy Review is seeking a Clinical Pharmacist. This role will be responsible for reviewing actual and proposed pharmaceutical recommendations against established Pharmacy policies and guidelines. Conduct pharmacy prior authorization reviews. Key Competencies • Acts Strategically: Makes decisions and sets strategy based on the long-term vision, uses an enterprise-wide perspective to translate strategies into actions, inspires others to embrace and advance the strategy, and creates a clear view of the future state. • Innovates: Introduces or develops new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. Generates insights through thought leadership. Leverages business intelligence, data, insights, and other research to drive differential value and expand Humana's capability to compete. • Leadership: Tells the Humana story; inspires extraordinary results by engaging others, leading change, valuing diversity, and shaping the culture to support a high performance environment. Role Essentials B.S.Pharmacy or PharmD required. Must have a clear and active pharmacist license in the state(s) of practice Prior demonstrated success working in Pharmacy Operations in a retail or clinical setting Role Desirables Health Plan experience Previous Medicare/Medicaid Experience a plus Reporting Relationships Reports to a Supervising Pharmacist Additional Information Flexibility to work full-time (8) hour shifts or (10) hour shifts between the hours of 8:00am and 9:00pm EST. Tuesday through Friday or Tuesday through Saturday. Schedule will be confirmed during interview. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Apply now, or join our Talent Network so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 