 Clinical Strategic Consultant - Austin, TX: 183222 Primary Location : US-Texas-Austin Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 20 % of the Time Role: Clinical Strategic Consultant Assignment: Medicare Location: Austin, TX Humana is looking for associates interested in merging the efficiencies of business with the clinical practice of medicine. At Humana, we are continually working to improve the value proposition of health care for our members, focusing on outcomes, efficiencies, and member experience. Through development of strategic partnerships with providers, hospitals, post-acute facilities, and home health agencies, Humana strives to improve the patient experience for our members. We are looking for driven, innovative people who are interested in using their analytic and interpersonal skills to help our network providers provide the perfect experience for our members while helping Humana make lasting, positive changes in the healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule Be part of the clinical world – bringing standardization, quality, and improved outcomes to the fast paced, rapidly evolving field of value-based care. As a Clinical Strategic Consultant you will work with clinical, analytic, and business associates who are accountable for helping define, design, and measure the effectiveness of strategic clinical initiatives. You will work with fellow clinical leaders to identify solutions and recommendations to high level strategic challenges. You’ll deconstruct issues and challenges, conduct targeted research and analysis, and recommend solutions. You’ll also help to identify implementation considerations for recommendations, and help to transition work from your project into execution by clinical and business owners. Key clinical initiatives include post-acute network development (skilled nursing facility, long term acute care hospital, and home health), value-based care reimbursement initiatives (value-based case rates), home health network development through RFPs, clinical innovation opportunities in population health, clinical engagement strategies with physician groups, and improving member experience to improve STARS scores. This position will work with clinical leaders within the Texas Health Services Organization, Humana At Home, Humana Behavioral Health, Operations, Finance, and Network Contracting. Overview/Responsibilities: Partner with clinical leaders to understand priorities and initiatives to audit and develop process improvements Manage analysis and/or work streams within high-profile, high-impact, strategic projects Identify opportunities, define strategies, conduct research, and engage key stakeholders to facilitate better outcomes while reducing waste Utilize available metrics and reports (quality, clinical, utilization, financial) and translate them into actionable items based on group specifics Leverage knowledge from all internal partners Perform process audits, clinical program evaluations, and member experience research Support working sessions with leaders within clinical and across the company Creating high quality analysis and sections of deliverables that clearly frame objectives, issues, challenges, and articulate insightful findings and recommendations Work collaboratively with fellow team members and leaders across the company Effectively meet and exceed customer needs; build productive relationships with physicians, hospitals, post-acute facilities, and home health agencies, taking responsibility for customer loyalty and satisfaction Role Essentials Bachelor’s degree Strong facilitation skills with an ability to run meetings Ability to train others to use the tools that will enable business partners to be successful Excellent written, communication, and presentation skills Ability to drive decision making, navigate a matrix organization, and build strong relationships Experience in analyzing and reporting on significant amounts of data Strong computer skills with Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project Proven business and financial acumen in the health care field with at least 5 years experience Self-motivated and creative Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business Administration, Masters in Public Health, Health Administration, or related field Managed care experience Population Health Clinical program management Reporting Relationships You will report to a Director. This area is under the Texas Health Services Organization. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 