 College Recruiting - Actuarial Internship: 180566 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Humana's Actuarial Summer Internship Program This internship program is for current college or graduate students only. The internship will take place during the summer of 2018. Overview This position is a summer Actuarial Internship requiring a student with a mathematical background, strong analytical and communication skills, and leadership potential. Humana has several unique opportunities for growth in a variety of actuarial disciplines. The Humana Actuarial Organization is currently seeking interns who are interested in working in the Louisville, KY and Green Bay, WI markets. Our organization focuses on balancing and optimizing ongoing growth, profitability, and risk management for the enterprise. We do this through sophisticated, disciplined data analytics, emphasizing forecasting and projections from an enterprise wide and industry perspective, creating understanding as trusted partners and business leaders. As an Actuarial Intern you will assist your team by collecting data related to product development, pricing, reserving, financial reporting, and other actuarial functions. In addition you will analyze experience reports and manual rate analyses, assisting with developing recommendations for improvements. You will also be exposed to a variety of professional development and networking opportunities. Requirements • Have an interest in pursuing the actuarial profession • Be pursuing a degree related to the field (Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.) • Have passed or is scheduled to sit for at least one SOA exam • Possess computer programming aptitude (projects will involve training and utilization of PLSQL, Microsoft Access, Excel, VBA coding, SAS, and other data applications) • Have a strong academic history, with a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA being desired • Graduate with a Bachelor's or Master's between December 2018 and May 2020 • Be actively involved on-campus and/or in the community Humana does not provide visa sponsorship for its internships. Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We look for innovative ways to reach our customers where they are, to know them as individuals, and to engage them in meaningful ways. As a Fortune 100 company, Humana is a leader in the healthcare industry, offering a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services. We take an integrated approach to helping our millions of members achieve lifelong well-being by leveraging the strengths of our core business, and exploring opportunities in existing and emerging adjacencies of our industry. 