 College Recruiting- Accounting/Finance Intern: 178265 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Part-time Travel : No Assignment CapsuleWould you like to apply your classroom knowledge to a real-world setting in a dynamic industry? Do you want to gain experience in multiple areas of Accounting/Finance? Are you able to work year round? Humana is seeking an Accounting/Finance Intern who will rotate through various areas within the organization and be responsible for tasks such as creating financial transactions, analyzing financial data, and communicating with associates regarding financial information. Features of the ProgramThe program is structured to allow students the most exposure to different departments and colleagues. Individuals will work year-round, rotating into a new department approximately every 6 months in January and June. Some of the rotations may include:• Accounts Payable • Budget • Internal Audit • Financial Operations • Investments • Tax • Treasury • Financial Systems Administration • Fixed Assets ResponsibilitiesAlthough responsibilities will vary by department, the following are examples of typical job duties:• Account reconciliation • Variance analysis • Preparation of tax schedules • Monthly journal entry preparation • Processing of accounts payable • Preparation of audit schedules • Spreadsheet preparation and analysis Role Essentials• Major in Accounting or Finance, enrolled in 9 hours or more each semester (undergrad); 6 hours (grad) • Ability to work 20-25 hours during the school year • Organized, self-motivated individual who can juggle school and work assignments • Current overall and accounting/finance GPA of 3.0 or better- must be maintained throughout the program Role Desirables• Knowledge of relational databases and spreadsheet applications Humana does not provide sponsorships for its internships. Healthcare isn’t t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. 