 Computer Operations Specialist: 182834 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Computer Operations Specialist Assignment: IT Location: Louisville, KY In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a strategic leader in cutting edge Healthcare technology! Humana is seeking a Technology Operations/Production Specialist who will set-up, operate and monitor computer and peripheral equipment, ensuring its effective utilization throughout Humana. You will also coordinate preventive maintenance and operating requirements, resolving all systems issues proactively. Monitor multiple mainframe environments, handling all trouble-shooting activities by performing mainframe system IPL’s and interfacing with support parties Ensure the proper functioning of various production tools and environments, including CA7 automated scheduling Identify processing issues including Abend restarts, JCL overrides, pre-processing, ad-hoc submissions, temporary CA7 database changes, and issue reporting and escalation Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Employs focus, attention to detail, reliability, and appropriate prioritization to drive outcomes. Sees opportunities to contribute and takes the initiative to create solutions. Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity in decisions, speech, and actions. Lives up to commitments, taking responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Exercises the courage to prioritize principles and values over personal or professional gain. Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Develops and strengthens networks and relationships, both inside and outside the organization, that support company performance. Proactively and transparently contributes information and energy toward creating value with others. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Develops and applies deep customer knowledge and intimacy to develop and deliver products, services, and interactions that provide value beyond expectations. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver an optimal customer experience. Role Essentials Ability to read and comprehend technical documentation, including TSO Working knowledge of OS, JCL and CA7 products, remedy software and other issue reporting systems Prior mainframe system experience Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field Reporting Relationships You will report to a Supervisor. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Apply now, or join our Talent Network so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 