 Compliance Risk Advisor - Medicare Part D: 179029 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Compliance Risk Advisor Assignment: Compliance, Medicare Location: Louisville, Kentucky Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Compliance Risk Advisor for the Medicare Pharmacy Regulatory Compliance team. The role includes providing guidance and helping to enhance and oversee the compliance program related to Medicare Part D and to minimize compliance risk exposure to the company Consultation Assess and understand compliance requirements for assigned business/process area(s). Develop business relationship with assigned business/process area and hold business process area accountable for self-reporting of compliance risks. Review new and revised compliance requirements to identify impacts to assigned business/process area(s). Provide guidance and direction to business area(s) and assist in review/revision of new and existing processes and policy to ensure compliance controls exist and are appropriately documented. Identify business area compliance metrics, monitor for compliance trends and compliance/FWA risks, and assist in audits against policy and procedure, using data-driven approach. Risk Identification and Corrective Action Plan Monitoring Investigate and document internally or externally identified alleged regulatory compliance infractions related to assigned business area(s). Report identified issues/risks to designated risk leader and risk subcommittee. Provide guidance and direction on creation of corrective actions, oversight, monitoring and/or auditing of implementation of the resolution or mitigation of the compliance or FWA issue/risk. Document compliance/FWA issues/risks in a central database and ensure corrective action plans are created and implemented. Conduct/participate in annual targeted or general enterprise compliance risk assessment activities. Conduct Quarterly Compliance Audits. Regulatory Audits/Exams Coordinate or participate in regulatory audit/exam, survey and other activities. Compliance Domain Participate in special projects and report to risk leader and/or risk subcommittee as needed. Seek competitor information on compliance activities and violations for potential use in revisions to Humana’s Compliance Program activities. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree Strong written and verbal communication skills Advanced research, problem-solving, analytical and negotiation skills Possess the capacity to maintain confidentiality and work independently Are self-motivated and possess the ability to manage multiple priorities and work under pressure to meet deadlines Strong PC skills including web enabled technologies such as internet based applications; Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint Ability to quickly develop strong professional working relationships internally and externally Previous compliance or audit experience Role Desirables Juris Doctor from accredited law school Have prior experience and knowledge about Medicare Advantage and risk adjustment Have prior background working in a compliance related area Knowledge of the healthcare insurance industry Prior work experience with project management Experience interacting with governmental agencies Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 