 Consultant - Process Improvement: 179767 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Consultant - Process Improvement Assignment: Continuous Improvement- Humana Pharmacy Main Location: Louisville, KY Are you a fit? Are you an analytical thinker and an experienced leader? Would you enjoy analyzing various types of data to help improve business processes and enhance business outcomes? Assignment Capsule As a Service Operations Process Consultant for continuous improvement within Humana Pharmacy, you will: design, implement, and improve business processes across designated areas of responsibility to help enhance business outcomes. You will focus on projects throughout the Humana Pharmacy that will directly impact cost and quality. • Focus on process analysis and re-engineering to improve efficiency, lower costs, and improve product quality • Analyze data to make informed decisions • Lead improvement and re-engineering project teams • Ensure the appropriate identification of root causes through effective use of data analysis tools and techniques • Map current processes and facilitate the design and implementation of new, improved process models and organizational structures • Work with key stakeholders (internal and external) to lead project implementations Key Competencies • Communication: You actively listen to others to understand their perspective and ensure continuous understanding regardless of communication channel or audience. • Implementation/Execution: You are good at organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects by using appropriate methodologies and tools. • Problem Solving: You are a problem solver with the ability to encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Acting as both a broker and consultant regarding resources, you engage others in problem solving without taking over. Role Requirements • Bachelor’s Degree • Six Sigma Green belt certified or pursuing one • Experience in Data analysis – creating charts, pareto, pivots (should be able to tell a story with data) • Experience in process improvement projects • Strong communication and presentation skills, experience in presenting to C-suite leaders • Knowledge of process re-engineering techniques in Lean, Six Sigma Role Desirables • MBA and/or Masters of Engineering • Six Sigma Black Belt • Progressive business consulting and/or operational leadership experience • Advanced knowledge of Excel, Minitab and Visio Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager. This area is under the leadership of the Chief Operating Officer &amp; Director of Professional Practice. #HCSrenewal Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 