 Copywriter: 180334 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Copywriter Market Title: Marketing Creative Developer Location: Humana Tower – Louisville, KY Humana needs you to help us tell a compelling story about healthcare today. Through the strategic interpretation of data, we provide our consumers with meaningful insights about the choices they make and help them lead their best lives. We’re passionate about analyzing data to extract new, actionable discoveries about our members and their health-related behaviors. We encourage you to help Humana tell these data-driven, health and wellness stories of our members. We’re looking for innovative people who can use their communication skills to deliver messaging to our consumers, designed to help them achieve lifelong well-being, and help Humana make lasting, positive changes in the healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule This position is responsible for copy development related to Humana marketing initiatives as assigned by the editorial manager. Deliverables could include: print and collateral materials, brochures, digital, email, social media, radio/video scripts, signing and other various marketing and advertising materials. This associate will also be responsible for managing and tracking all of their own copy projects, while partnering closely with the editorial manager. Associate must have a solid background in Microsoft Office. Must have an understanding of typography and design. Must be well organized and able to communicate ideas with team members and clients. Individual must be self-motivated, self-managed and have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with demonstrated presentation skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Innovative thinking, knowledge of the business needs and the ability to closely collaborate with peers and business partners. Ability to think strategically and to brainstorm with creative partners, transforming business strategy into compelling consumer messages. Excellent verbal and written communication skills – can clearly communicate language decisions and conceptual themes with supporting logic based on the strategic goals. Ability to “sell” a concept. Responsible for ensuring that projects meet their strategic business objectives, deliverable dates, that language is on-brand, style guidelines are adhered to and overall quality is met. The ability to work individually and collaboratively within a team, and with enthusiasm. Partner closely with the editorial manager, creative and business partners to ideate and solve day-to-day business needs. Maintain a strong working relationship with the creative manager, account services and business partners. Solid proofreading and editing skills to ensure accuracy of advertising materials Role Essentials 5-8 years of copywriting experience in ad or creative agency Bachelor degree in Advertising, Journalism, Marketing or Communications Strategic thought leader with the ability to transform business needs into compelling consumer language Deep understanding and experience in consumer communications Intellectual writing approach, ability to translate strategy and business needs into appropriate language solutions Ability to “sell” a concept Role Desirables Experience in Healthcare, Insurance, Financial or related industries. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 