 Customer Experience Process Consultant: 182877 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Customer Experience Business Consultant Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Louisville, KY We’re looking for associates who are dedicated to service and believe in following the Golden Rule of treating others the way you want to be treated. Humana was founded on this premise, and this value is reflected in our expectations for providing perfect service to our consumers, providers, employers, agents and others we work with. At Humana, Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, and providing everyone with personalized attention and guidance. We want to engage with our members through every step of their journey to lifelong well-being. This includes meaningful direct consumer interaction and developing positive relationships with healthcare providers. Humana associates provide Perfect Service every day to our members, employers, providers, and colleagues. We’re looking for people who improve their own well-being by looking out for the best interests of others. Assignment Capsule Utilize your business knowledge to help analyze and improve existing processes and procedures. Humana is seeking a Customer Experience Business Consultant who will: Investigate for fraud and abuse activities related to providers/beneficiaries. · Conduct customer/provider impact analysis by working with stakeholders in order provide insights and solutions. · Create customer/provider scenario mapping. · Develop CBA’s that help support the decision making to improve process and enhance the customer experience. · Stay abreast of customer/provider experience improvement techniques. · Be able to meet with Providers and Customer to identify improvement insights and opportunities. · Create database to track and group customer/provider issues until. Role Essentials Customer or provider customer experience – escalated issue handling Customer Experience Process Improvement Excellent communications and research skills. Ability to interpret federal regulations and operations manuals. Proficiency in SharePoint, Microsoft Access, Excel and Word Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or a related field Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 