 Data Architect: 181773 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Data Architect Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Louisville, Kentucky Do you get excited about Big Engineering and Machine Learning? Do you believe technology has a critical role to play in the ongoing healthcare industry transformation? Do you want to be part of a dynamic team that excels in implementing the best big data and machine learning applications? Are you ready to create something new that will positively affect the healthcare and technology industry in a noble and purposeful way? We are seeking a Data Architect to design and implement cutting edge, data-driven solutions. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 25% - Design and develop data and analytics solutions for Humana Military 25% - Possess in depth understanding of computer science parallelism concepts and efficient data processing techniques suitable for machine learning applications 25% - Understand core logic behind various machine algorithms, evaluate available implementation techniques and develop solutions that best solve business problems in analytics domain 25% - Comfortable working in a fast paced agile environment, closely interacting with business and some of industry’s best software engineers and machine learning scientists Role Essentials BS in Computer Science or related field Open source contributions or robust portfolio of shipped code at GitHub Overall 3+ years’ experience evaluating, designing and/or implementing machine learning applications in big data environment 7+ years programming experience using one or more of Scala, Java, Python, C++ 7+ years’ experience using SQL and traditional data warehouses. 3+ years’ experience developing over Unix/Linux environment Working knowledge of agile development techniques Willingness to learn new technologies and comprehend unfamiliar data domains and new business processes quickly Role Desirables MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field Experience with data visualization platforms like Tableau Relevant certifications Experience implementing applications around fraud detection, machine learning, or optimization Familiarity with open source machine learning libraries Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 