 Data Scientist - Optimization: 181857 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-Arizona, US-Florida, US-Texas, US-Ohio, US-New York, US, US-California, US-Illinois-Chicago Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Data Scientist (Operations Research) Assignment: Humana Government Business - Business Analytics Location: Louisville KY or Work at Home Assignment Capsule This role will have a significant and unique opportunity to impact Humana Military’s strategic imperatives through simulation and optimization. If you have a background in O.R. and enjoy decision analysis, control theory, game theory, optimization theory, constraint logic programming, or multi-criteria analysis, then this is an excellent opportunity. Your Primary Job Responsibilities Primarily focused on optimization and simulation modeling for decision support systems and internal operational efficiencies Build and evaluate predictive and prescriptive decision models to be deployed in production systems Assist with model go-lives by performing production data validations and score distribution analysis of models in production Apply data mining methodology in thorough analysis of model behavior Manage medium to large scope projects and work with other data scientists and data engineers within HGB to enable integration and deployment of analytics software and solutions Mentor and assist in developing growth opportunities for data scientist About You You possess a high degree of initiative, energy, and maturity You describe yourself as a "self-starter" who is able to work well both individually and in team assignments You are dedicated to lifelong learning and professional development that extends beyond the classroom throughout your career You are interested in practical solutions - judging the success of projects not by whether they should work, but by whether they do Role Essentials Master’s Degree in statistics, engineering, mathematics, computer science, physics, operations research field You have experience with operations research-related business applications such as Gurobi Optimizer, CPLEX Optimization Studio, FICO Xpress Optimization Suite, and/or Oracle Crystal Ball Experience with mathematical methods, e.g., mathematical programming models (e.g., linear programming, stochastic programming, nonlinear programming) Experience with Python, C, C++, or Java and familiarity with basic software design principles and coding standards and best practices Experience analyzing large datasets and applying data-cleaning techniques along with performing statistical analyses leading to the understanding of the structure of datasets. Prefer knowledge of several of the following: Bayesian networks, PCA, independent component analysis, linear and logistic regressions, inference, estimation, experimental design, neural networks, SVM. Role Desirables: PhD degree in statistics, engineering, mathematics, computer science, physics, operations research field Significant hands-on related experience in predictive modeling and data mining. Reporting Relationships You will report to Director, Analytics. This area is under the leadership of the VP of Business Development. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. 