 Data Visualization Consultant: 182007 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Data Visualization Consultant – Humana Government Business Assignment: Business Analytics Location: Louisville KY or Work at Home Assignment Capsule We are seeking a creative and experienced Data Visualization expert to build our team’s visual and interactive portfolio from the ground up. The primary goal of this role is to deliver each stage of visualization project; from pitch to design to user interaction. This role will work with data from within our team and around Humana Military. Key Accountabilities: Leading business users through the process of understanding what they want relative to the capabilities of Tableau. Design and create data visualizations (reports and dashboards) as required to support clinical, financial, and operational needs. Champion dashboard quality, consistency, usability and reliability by documenting and applying best practices to their design and development Establish standards and best practices for requesting, prioritizing and developing dashboards Collaborate with technical staff and end-users to understand and troubleshoot platform issues and develop appropriate solutions Defining important meaning that is needed by each audience member in each context Finding the right data (subject area, historical reach, breadth, level of detail, etc.) Role Essentials: Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Computer Science, Applied Math/Statistics, or related field Design or development experience with either Tableau or QlikView/Qlik Sense, including dashboards, reports, and/or front end visualizations Experience querying and / or designing relational databases (ETL, SQL, data modeling, data governance) Multiple experiences with full life cycle development in a BI or Analytics environment Proven ability to improve processes, be proactive, and take innovative Ability to present statistical reports and data visualizations for diverse audiences Passionate about data, data visualization, and data science Strong analytical, quantitative, problem solving, and organizational skills; attention to detail; and ability to coordinate multiple tasks, set priorities, and meet deadlines Ability to work closely with key team members and subject experts (e.g. Business, Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Consultants, etc.) Role Desirables: Master’s Degree in IT, Computer Science, Applied Math/Statistics, or related field Expertise in analyzing and interpreting data using statistical tools, algorithms, models and software (e.g. R, rStudio, Shiny, MATLAB, Python, etc.) Expertise in the area of probability and statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing and summary statistics) Ability to extract data from unstructured sources or instigate new procedures (e.g. customer surveys, experiments, polls, etc.) Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager, Humana Government Business Development Leadership. This area is under the leadership of the VP of Business Development. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 