 Dedicated Care Manager - Tulsa, OK: 182122 Primary Location : US-Oklahoma-Tulsa Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Dedicated Case Manager Assignment: Medicare Location: Tulsa, OK Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule The principal clinical Humana representative for Humana members in an engaged provider group (defined as a contracted Humana MSO, IDS, Medical Home or Model Practice) to coordinate care, to help clarify clinical benefits and/or to direct to internal Humana resources on non-clinical matters (e.g., claims). Responsibilities include: Daily task of completing the EAF to close HEDIS Gaps Scheduling appointments for members for Annual Wellness Visits and Annual Physicals Direct referrals to participating subspecialists outside of the engaged provider group Identification of and direct referral of members with a readmission to a provider group PCP for follow-up evaluation. Identification and direct referral of members with more than one ER visit within a 30-day period to a provider group PCP for follow-up evaluation. Identification and direct referral of members with a gap in prescription coverage and/or where their prescription pattern suggests a potential problem to a provider group PCP for a follow-up evaluation. Direction of members into a Humana Senior Case Management, Disease Management, Lifesynch and/or HumanaCares program(s) as necessary In collaboration with the Stars Strategy Director, identification of members with gaps in CMS Stars-HEDIS measures and calling such members on behalf of the provider group PCP to schedule screening appointments. Interaction with members to coordinate any other care needs Ensuring the appropriate coding of member conditions. Role Essentials: BSN or MSN 5 to 7 years of direct managed care experience in UM and/or CM. 5 years of recent direct patient care experience in either an Integrated Delivery System, an MSO or an acute IP facility. Excellent and proven ability to communicate, problem-solve, negotiate and resolve difficult clinical and social issues with patients, patients’ families and physicians efficiently and effectively. Proven ability to work successfully within multidisciplinary teams as well as independently. Proven ability to work virtually. Role Desirables: Strong track record of supervisory management experience. Previous project management experience including database management skills (e.g., Excel). Certified Case Manager (CCM). Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 