 Domain Architect - HR and Finance: 182115 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Domain Architect Assignment: IT Location: Louisville, KY In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Technology team -- be a strategic leader in cutting edge Healthcare technology. Humana is seeking a Domain Architect that will be responsible for the internal architecture design of a domain (collection of applications or area of expertise), with a focus on the services delivered by that domain, and for the design of the interfaces through which that domain interacts with the rest of the enterprise. This person “curates” the domain’s portfolio of services and applications, and is responsible for effective architectures using enterprise standards. The Domain Architect is also responsible for the effective integration of their domain into the broader business and IT ecosystem within which it will operate. The Domain Architect is not only called to understand and follow enterprise guidelines and design patterns in their work; they are also expected to share feedback and learning back out to the enterprise. Thus, the Domain Architect also serves as the SME for their domain to other architects, and as a feedback loop back into the enterprise architecture portfolio. Define current domain architecture, and identify issues within it. Refine and/or redesign domain architecture to meet the organization’s changing business requirements. Interact with other architects to make sure the domain aligns with the needs of the consumers. Interact with other Domain Architects to define domain interactions. Interact with consumers to promote and explain the domain and domain concepts. Serve as the “bridge” between Enterprise Architecture and their related application architectures. Ensure domain architecture leverages enterprise capabilities wherever feasible. Ensure solutions are aligned with the enterprise reference architecture standards, patterns, principles, and guides. Define domain architectural and technical standards. Work with third-party solutions that affect the domain, including selection of technology (being sure it aligns with enterprise architecture). Treat the services within their domain as a portfolio of business assets. Review candidate services, and perform design-time governance on their domain’s services. Provide oversight to ensure implementations are consistent with defined architecture as well as consistent with business needs. Participate in the architecture design of the applications or technologies within the domain. Within their domain, recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness, user experience, and flexibility. Create and maintain domain architecture deliverables. Create consistency and collaboration throughout the domain across sub-area teams. Ensure appropriate lifecycle plans are created and implemented in compliance with required SOPs. Mentor and guide Technology Architects (App, Data, Tech) technically and professionally. Role Essentials 8+ years design, development, and testing of software applications Experience with: SOA design and implementation Back-end databases Designing and integrating multi-application solutions Building application architecture models Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field Role Desirables Workday experience Vendor selection experience Software as a service Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager or Director. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 