 End of Life Clinician: 182632 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: End of Life Clinician Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Work At Home ROLE SUMMARY The End of Life Counselor will be a member of the Special Populations Program which focuses on those beneficiaries who unique care management needs. The clinician will offer guidance and support of the beneficiary’s care, specifically related to the beneficiary’s End of Life needs, and/or as directed by the patient’s provider(s), but within the scope of the clinician’s licensure. The clinician will assess, plan, coordinate, implement, monitor, and evaluate the services required to meet the complex health needs and/or beneficiaries’ desires in this special stage. The case manager will collect and document data to facilitate measurement of clinician involvement. The clinician will serve as the primary coordinator and point of contact for the beneficiary for all activities within the medical spectrum, including collaboration with other care management programs. They will coordinate with members of the Integrated Care Team as needed, in addition to MTF UM / CM staff, physicians and providers as necessary to coordinate and arrange services necessary to address the beneficiary’s condition or needs. The clinician will always perform. Performs all duties within the scope of his/her licensure. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES · Utilize applicable sources of information to identify, assess, and enroll patients requiring case management · Assess, plan, coordinate, implement, monitor, and evaluate the care of each beneficiary within the End of Life program. Develop a cost effective treatment plan that is acceptable to both the beneficiary (patient) and other members of the care team utilizing both evidence based medical information, DoD and community resources. Plan shall include psychosocial issues, home environment and behavioral health needs across the full continuum of care. Maintain beneficiary’s privacy, confidentiality and safety, advocacy, adherence to ethical, legal, and accreditation/regulatory standards during this process. · Coordinate and collaborate with other members of the Medical Management team or external programs to ensure a fully integrated care plan addressing all beneficiary needs and conditions which includes documenting interventions and outcomes for beneficiaries Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position Role Essentials Licensed Clinical Social Worker with current active license must have a BSW or MSW or Registered Nurse with current in state RN license with Psychiatric Experience Case Management Certification (CCM) Three years clinical or managed care experience Interqual / Milliman knowledge Good communication skills both written and verbal Good organizational skills PC skills and mainframe applications and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PP) Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position Role Desirables · Bachelor’s degree or higher in nursing or health related field · 2 years Case management experience · TRICARE Experience Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 