 Experienced Home Care (Medicare) Scheduling Specialist- Fort Meyers, FL: 180597 Primary Location : US-FL-Fort Myers Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Home Care Scheduling Specialist Assignment: Humana at Home-Senior Bridge Location: Ft. Myers, FL Are you a fit? Humana at Home Health Care is seeking a passionate, Scheduling Specialist dedicated to delivering the highest quality in-home service by assisting the staff with day to day professional assignments. Assignment Capsule: The Scheduling Specialist is responsible for carrying out the day to day professional assignments, paraprofessional scheduling, and monitoring of HomeCare HomeBase (HCHB) workflow flow to ensure all scheduling assignments are current for the Ft. Myers area. The Scheduling Specialist is responsible for management of certain medical record documents including the physician orders and applicable hard copy medical record documents. The Scheduling Specialist position includes the following; Updates schedules, frequencies and assignments in HCHB; Notifies supervisor immediately of changes in schedules due to call offs, PTO, emergencies; Ensure that all disciplines homecare schedules are complete and accurate in computer each day; Notifies Supervisor of missed visits; Reviews HCHB workflow regularly to ensure that all tasks are complete. Follows up immediately with supervisor on any discrepancies; Reports any client or staff issues to Supervisor promptly; Turns phone over to answering service each evening, logs event in log book; Turns answering service off each morning, logs event in log book; May participate in administrative on call backed up by professional staff for scheduling Answers phones and triages calls to appropriate staff in Agency; contacts field staff via cell phone; notifies caller that message was given to appropriate staff; Prepares start-up packages for professional staff; Prepares clinical record folders; Ensures sufficient supplies, stationary and forms on hand in Agency; Prints and files OASIS transmission reports; gives latest OASIS transmission reports to Supervisor for corrections; Faxes / mails physician orders; Retrieves signed faxed orders and notifies Supervisor of signed orders received; records orders in system as received with date; Notifies Supervisor of outstanding physician orders; Data entry; Ensures accurate filing / scanning of records in office; locks clinical record room each evening; Performs any other functions as requested by Supervisor Must Have: High School graduate, some college preferred Experienced Home Care scheduling Strong computer skills; Strong organizational skills; Excellent verbal communication skills; Sensitivity to cultural diversity and to making accommodation available to provide services to a diverse population; Ability to work well under pressure; Strong customer services skills; Enthusiastic and effective communicator, who can handle multiple priorities in a fast paced environment; Nice to Have: Bilingual a plus Experienced with HomeCare HomeBase software. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 