 Field Care Manager RN or MSW Transitions/Tricare-Patuxent River, MD: 182656 Primary Location : US-Maryland-Patuxent River Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Field Care Manager Assignment: Humana at Home Location: Patuxent River, MD Are you a fit? Humana Cares/Senior Bridge Care Management is seeking passionate, case management professionals and leaders dedicated to delivering the highest quality in-home care management programs to complex chronically ill members enrolled in large health plans and managed care programs. Assignment Capsule As a Field Care Manager you will provide direct care to members and their families according to the established plan of care. As a Field Care Manager you will provide a multidisciplinary approach to care. The Field Care Manager position includes the following: Conducting assessments to identify problems, eligibility for assistance and need for services Ensuring in-home care delivery is in accordance with each member's contractual program requirements and is high quality and complies with company -adopted evidence- based clinical practice guidelines Developing a professional care plan from the assessment findings and in collaboration with the clients Physician to ensure the facilitation of the provision of the best possible care Thorough and timely documentation of initial and ongoing assessments and outcomes Communicate explanation of the care plan and all subsequent cost of all services to client and or families, Attorney or Guardians Act as a liaison to families as well as with collateral clinicians, professionals &amp; agencies. Effectively communicate with clients, families, Physicians, Attorneys, etc. and all members of the multidisciplinary team all findings, outcomes, plans that relate to the provision of member care Work effectively with all departments to ensure the best delivery of service Participate in case conferences with other disciplines providing care Observes infection control practices and uses standard precautions Participates in quality management/performance improvement activities Performs any other duties as requested by the company Key Competencies Builds Trust: Walks the talk; makes choices that are consistent with Humana’s ethical principles; is emotionally intelligent; manages self and relationships effectively, through self-awareness, self-management, awareness of others and skill in dealing with others. Implementation / Execution: Effectively leverages available resources (financial, people, time) to accomplish objectives and maximize return on investment. Makes appropriate decisions in the face of ambiguity. Anticipates and resolves barriers and constraints. Organizes and manages multiple priorities and/or projects using appropriate methodologies and tools. Innovates: Introduces or develops new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. Generates insights through thought leadership. Leverages business intelligence, data, insights, and other research to drive differential value and expand Humana’s capability to compete. Problem Solving: Proactively identifies, evaluates, and solves problems with rigorous logic and a systematic approach; looks beyond the obvious to see root cause issues and creative solutions Role Essentials •Licensed Registered Nurse (RN), or MSW in the state of Maryland • Valid RN license with no disciplinary action• 2 years experience in home care or health related field.• Good communication skills and knowledge of community resources• Possession of valid state driver’s license and access to an automobile This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana At Home’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB Role Desirables •Master's Degree in Nursing •Care Management Certification At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 