 Finance Technology Reporting Consultant: 178920 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Finance Technology Consultant Assignment: Direct Segment Finance – Retail Senior Products Location: Louisville, KY (Humana Tower) Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of Medicare Finance– bring your passion for people and building a better process together in analyzing various types of data to identify and solve business problems. Senior Products is seeking an Analytics &amp; Reporting Consultant who will perform Medicare membership forecasting and analysis of data in the areas of financial reporting and planning, profit improvement initiatives and on various departmental projects, using the results you generate to create financial reports. You will also act as a Finance liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects. You will assist in the presentation, implementation, and evaluation of your recommendations and solutions. Responsibilities include: Manage actionable and timely insights to business leaders on Medicare membership to ensure accurate and timely financial/statistical reports and data Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Build reconciliation systems, migrating data to a single platform and aligning Humana’s internal reporting with the Enterprise Data Warehouse Identify the root cause and recommend solutions based upon data and feedback on issues Think outside the box on developing new tools and capabilities on how we drive insights in our Medicare business Identify strategic opportunities for improving the financial performance and member outcomes though rigorous data analysis Other projects as assigned Role Essentials 2 years of experience in analytics and reporting Experience using SAS or SQL Demonstrated critical thinking Self-starter and problem solver with a keen analytic mind, who thrives in a fast-paced environment Experience using Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables, perform v-look ups, create charts/graphs, use formulas, etc. Experience creating PowerPoint presentations and presenting to various levels of leadership Strong organizational skills Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills Role Desirables Bachelor’s or higher Experience creating Macros in Excel Prior developer experience with QlikView or Tableau Proficiency with Word and Access Medicare knowledge Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager. Additional Information If you have additional questions regarding this role posting, please send them to the Ask A Recruiter persona by visiting go/Buzz and searching Ask A Recruiter!. Please be sure to provide the requisition number so we may be able to research your request quicker. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 