 Finance/Accounting Analyst - VB / DBA / SQL - San Antonio, TX: 182070 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Finance/Accounting Analyst Location: San Antonio, TX Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting Consultant to perform data analysis in the areas of membership, premium, and cost auditing, as well as assist with various departmental projects. The candidate will also act as a Finance liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects. Manage departmental activities to ensure accurate and timely financial and statistical reports Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Build reconciliation systems and aligning Humana’s internal reporting with the Enterprise Data Warehouse Maintain audits and reconciliations on a monthly basis Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Certification plus prior healthcare experience of 3 years may be substituted for degree Prior healthcare budgeting and planning experience Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, Visual Basic, Access and multi-dimensional databases (DBA/SQL) Role Desirables Certification in VBA or DBA Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, KY, is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 