 Finance Data Analyst - Metairie, LA: 181104 Primary Location : US-Louisiana-Metairie Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Finance/Accounting Analyst Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze and develop policies, procedures and programs supporting our finance initiatives Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting analyst that will prepare, analyze and review financial data, transactions and reports, including ad hoc data requests. Identify ways to re-engineer current reports and process. Manage control between the platforms to assure data integrity. Medical cost trend analysis, including analysis of hospital and physician contracts, utilization, and costs Prepare financial, statistical data and budget analysis/reporting Extract data from a Data Warehouse using Oracle / SQL based tools Assist in developing methods and criteria of summarizing information compiled Complete routine and moderately complex financial analysis Prepare and present financial data to management for review and decision making Role Essentials Ability to manage multiple priorities 1-2 years experience in Finance or related field Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Strong attention to detail Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint Proficient in manipulating data for analysis and reporting Strong work ethic and positive attitude Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong technical skills and analytical skills Role Desirables Previous health insurance industry experience working in a Finance/Accounting department Experience with Microsoft Access, Oracle, SQL, SAS, or relational databases Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance/Accounting Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 