 Financial Reporting Consultant - Reinsurance: 182946 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Financial Reporting Consultant - Reinsurance Assignment: Regulatory Financial Reporting Location: Louisville or Work at Home Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Provide leadership and direction while improving financial processes and procedures. Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting Consultant who will perform financial reporting and analysis of data in the areas of Reinsurance and Regulatory Financial Reporting. You will utilize analytical, technical and process improvement skills to improve and impact the financial reports delivered to stakeholders. You will also act as a Finance liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects and reporting. Review, Validate and Approve monthly, quarterly, and annual accounting and reporting processes related to Reinsurance contracts Support the reinsurance contract review processes and optimization projects Lead the oversight and optimization of Humana’s intercompany reinsurance arrangements and be an integral team member of the reinsurance accounting and reporting team. Manage departmental activities to ensure accurate and timely accounting statements, financial and statistical reports, filings and data Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Executes for Results: Effectively leverages resources to create exceptional outcomes, embraces change, and constructively resolves barriers and constraints. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Prior insurance industry accounting and reporting experience Knowledge of accounting principles and experience applying that knowledge to business transactions. Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications including ability to utilize advanced spreadsheet functionality. Proven experience thriving in a high paced environment with the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously. Utilize excellent oral and written communication skills to communicate complex ideas to individuals with various levels of responsibility. Advanced analytical skills including gathering and interpreting complex data and then being able to narrate an explanation that is clear and concise. Ability to utilize past experiences and knowledge to navigate ambiguous business cases. Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business Administration or a related field Certified Public Accountant license Public Accounting experience Experience writing basic SQL and/or VBA code. Experience in Statutory Accounting Principles (SSAP) Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 