 Finance/Accounting Analyst - SQL and SAS - Phoenix, AZ: 182642 Primary Location : US-AZ-Phoenix Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Finance/Accounting Analyst Assignment: Senior Product Markets Location: Phoeniz, AZ Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze and develop policies, procedures and programs supporting our finance initiatives. Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting analyst that will prepare, analyze and review financial data, transactions and reports, including ad hoc data requests. Identify ways to re-engineer current reports and process. Manage control between the platforms to assure data integrity. Maintain the general ledger to include preparation of journal entries, account analysis and reconciliation, supports the month end close process Prepare and present financial data to management for review and decision making Research and analyze financial information necessary to support internal and external audit activity. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Prior financial reporting experience Strong attention to detail Intermediate or higher proficiency in Microsoft Office Excel and Access Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word and PowerPoint SQL Experience Able to comply with Humana's tobacco-free policy in Arizona (see Additional Information for more details) Role Desirables Previous health insurance industry experience working in a Finance/Accounting department P&amp;L Experience SAS Experience Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance/Accounting Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer Additional Information The following policy applies ONLY to associates working in the state of Arizona: Humana is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment and to promoting the health and well-being of its associates. Effective July 1, 2011, Humana has adopted a tobacco-free hiring policy that will promote a healthier workplace and will not hire users of tobacco and nicotine products. If you have any questions, please consult with your recruiter. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 