 Finance Call Center Specialist: 182312 Primary Location : US-AZ-Glendale Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Finance Call Center Specialist Assignment: Humana Pharmacy Location: Glendale, AZ Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze data and provide financial support Humana is seeking a Finance Call Center Specialist that will: provide various financial support activities, including Administrative Services Only processing, premium posting and reconciliation, bank reconciliations, annuity administration, 1099 reporting, account posting, data collection and record maintenance. You will also supply the internal customer service which accompanies these activities. Process check requests, invoices and expense reports Review check requests, invoices and expense reports for proper documentation, approval authorization, internal controls and proper tax recording Assess the soundness of general ledger coding and vendor purchases Perform both routine and complex duties associated with accounts payable processing Complete special projects with varied and complex components as needed Key Competencies Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity, lives up to commitments, and takes responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver an optimal customer experience Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Role Essentials High School Diploma Demonstrated experience analyzing Accounts Receivable accounts Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Access Role Desirables Associate or Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Prior accounting or related finance experience Prior pharmacy or heath care setting experience Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer. Additional Information Hours: Monday through Friday from 9:00am to 5:30pm. Flexible to work on Saturdays as needed. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 