 Financial Operations Reporting Analyst: 179921 Primary Location : US-FL-Altamonte Springs Other Locations : US-FL-Tampa Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Finance Analyst Assignment: Senior Products Location: Altamonte Springs or Tampa, FL Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze and develop policies, procedures and programs supporting our finance initiatives Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting analyst that will prepare, analyze and review financial data, transactions and reports, including ad hoc data requests. Identify ways to re-engineer current reports and process. Manage control between the platforms to assure data integrity. Maintain the general ledger to include preparation of journal entries, account analysis and reconciliation, supports the month end close process Prepare and present financial data to management for review and decision making Research and analyze financial information necessary to support internal and external audit activity. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Excel (pivot tables, vlookups, connecting to external data sources) and Access (macros, formulas) SQL experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills Prior financial reporting experience Strong attention to detail Role Desirables Previous health insurance industry experience working in a Finance/Accounting department Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance/Accounting Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 