 Front Line Leader- Maximize Your Benefits: 182927 Primary Location : US-AZ-Glendale Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Frontline Leader - Maximize your Benefit Assignment: Humana Pharmacy Location: Glendale, AZ Are you a fit? Are you looking for a challenging career? Do have supervisory experience? Are you interested in working in a role where you will constantly learn new things? Assignment Capsule The ability to lead, inspire and engage associates is critical to exceed consumer expectations and deliver on Humana's brand promise. The Frontline Leader is the first level of support and inspiration for associates delivering pharmacy services directly to consumers. The Frontline Leader maintains high standards for quality and an exceptional consumer experience, actively coaching the team on bringing quick resolution to a variety of consumer needs, while creating a positive work environment. Ensure appropriate staffing levels are achieved to ensure resources are managed effectively. Provide guidance and leadership to associates and serve as a mentor for their day-to-day activities. Identify reasons for variation in individual performance and take appropriate actions that will result in improved performance. Analyze data to guarantee key performance measures are met, while aiding in the removal of barriers to success. Maintain proactive communication with other departments to ensure efficient, accurate and timely responses to internal/external customer needs. Monitors quality and production and holds associates accountable for meeting and exceeding expectations. Role Essentials Excellent time management skills Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Proficiency in Microsoft Office Word, Excel and PowerPoint Able to give direction and make sound business decisions Role Desirables Associates or Bachelors Degree Experience in team leadership or supervisory position Certified Pharmacy Technician Previous supervisory experience in a mail order setting Reporting Relationships You will have a team of 15-20 direct reports and you will report to a department manager. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 