 HR Call Center Specialist - Louisville only: 182362 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: HR Call Center Specialist Assignment: HR4U Location: Louisville, KY Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Human Resources world – Guiding alignment of Human Capital strategies. Humana is seeking an HR Call Center Specialist to provide direct and effective service to associates during inbound calls, supporting HR operations by handling a wide variety of customer concerns and fulfilling customer needs. Provide guidance to Humana associates requesting information about and assistance with: HR policies and procedures; medical, dental and disability benefits; 401k planning; payroll; online employee data maintenance; and online travel, expense and purchasing systems Assist callers from external organizations requesting verification of employment data Navigate through multiple complex computer systems to quickly identify and communicate information to customers Perform detailed and extensive research and analysis of customer information Process limited HR transactions including payroll, taxes and benefits Key Competencies Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity, lives up to commitments, and takes responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver an optimal customer experience. Role Essentials High School Diploma Minimum 1 year of inbound call center experience Working knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word and Excel Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multitask &amp; use dual screens while providing stellar customer service to our associates Must be available to work until approximately 6:30 pm Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources, Business or a related field Experience with web-based Human Resource Management Systems, including Oracle and Workday Fluency in Spanish Reporting Relationships You will report to a Process Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Human Resources Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 