 IT Finance Analyst: 179866 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: IT Finance Analyst Assignment: ITSO – Resource Management Location: Louisville, KY Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze and develop policies, procedures and programs supporting our finance initiatives Humana is seeking a Finance/Accounting analyst to support the Information Technology (IT) organization that will prepare, analyze and review financial data, transactions and reports, including ad hoc data requests. Identify ways to re-engineer current reports and process. Manage control between the platforms to assure data integrity. Assist with month end close and post close reporting for IT Recommend and document process improvements/automation Perform invoice-related activities and provide analytical support to internal and external partners Prepare and present financial data to management for review and decision making Maintain data integrity and detail for account reconciliations Key Competencies Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity, lives up to commitments, and takes responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver an optimal customer experience Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Prior financial reporting experience Strong attention to detail Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint Role Desirables Previous health insurance industry experience working in a Finance/Accounting department Familiarity with an Information Technology organization Familiarity with a Financial Shared Services organization Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance/Accounting Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 