 IT Finance Consultant: 183346 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: IT Finance ConsultantAssignment: IT Strategy and Operations/IT Capacity and Resource ManagementLocation: Louisville, KY Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole Assignment Capsule Under general supervision, you will track and forecast investment project spend from Humana’s Clarity application to Humana Information Technology’s monthly General Ledger. You will prepare and analyze projections for IT spending and research variances to monthly forecasts and budget. You will act as a Finance liaison collaborating with associates from IT and other business areas on special projects, and will identify ways to improve current reports and processes. Review contract language to determine appropriate accounting coding for Purchase Orders Lead the month end close process including preparation/review of journal entries, account analysis, reconciliations, and reporting actual versus budget and forecasts. Review Purchase Order and invoice detail to determine appropriate accounting treatment to apply in investment project spend model Reconcile the monthly labor, hardware, software and professional services expense back to the appropriate Clarity projects Maintain project data in project management (Clarity) system to ensure accurate reporting Partner with IT resource managers to determine required reporting metrics for various IT functions Combine reporting output from various systems and formats into consumable data Develop financial models with key levers for scenario-driven outcomes Create and monitor monthly reporting metrics Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Key Competencies Attention to detail Executive presentation: The materials developed will be presented to the Humana CIO and his leadership team. Builds Trust: You honor your word by doing what you say you are going to do. Drives for excellence: You are a continuous learner who encourages others to learn. By constantly upgrading your own work, you achieve results and outperform the competition. Implementation/Execution: You are good at organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects by using appropriate methodologies and tools. Problem Solving: You are a problem solver with the ability to encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Acting as both a broker and consultant regarding resources, you engage others in problem solving without taking over. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Information Technology or a related field required 5-7 years of experience directly related to financial analysis, budgeting and management reporting Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, Word, Excel, Outlook. Detail oriented with strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong oral and written communication skills Strong organizational and multi-tasking skills Role Desirables MBA and/or CPA preferred. Executive dash-boarding experience Programming skills highly desirable (SQL, QlikView, VB) Experience in the health insurance industry and/or with information technology Ability to support multiple priorities Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager within IT Strategy &amp; Service Assurance. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 