 Lead Software Engineer (Java): 174235 Primary Location : US-CA-San Diego Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Title: LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER - (Java) Assignment: Transcend Insights Location: San Diego, CA Transcend Insights®, a wholly owned subsidiary of Humana Inc., is redefining how population health is managed, measured and implemented by providing The Platform for Population Wellness. Our HealthLogix™ technology platform and unified solution suite helps health systems care teams and patients transition from episodic to proactive care for long-term wellness. By providing solutions and insights that support a more proactive, person-centric approach to care, we are powering a better care experience, giving people the freedom to make confident decisions, and helping to empower care teams, not tools, to improve the health and long-term wellness of populations. SAN DIEGO Transcend Insights offers world-class support and resources to provide a professional and enjoyable working environment. Our newly built office space has been specifically designed and created for our software development teams. Taking input from the engineering group our work spaces feature modern desks, a meeting room and collaboration area for each team. Each team workspace has been built along the windows of the building to provide ample natural light and is designed to provide a balance of focus and easy conversation. In addition to highly functional work spaces, the supporting space includes a large ocean view deck, dining/break area with multiple televisions, a foosball table, ping pong table, stationary blender bike and walking work station. The San Diego office building complex contains a full gym, outdoor pool, and tennis/basketball court as well as miles of natural running and hiking trails. Our culture of innovation is supported by agile teams that develop our products, hack-day events that promote new ideas and growth as well as connect-a-thon events to demonstrate our products and interoperability. Transcend Insights actively supports employee well-being. Around the office employees are provided complimentary fresh fruit, healthy snacks and a wide assortment of beverages. The company holds a number of events and activities throughout the year that promote and reward exercise and well-being. Summary of Duties &amp; Job Description: The ideal candidate for this position should have an advanced grasp of the full gamut of the software engineering lifecycle: requirement gathering, design proposals, implementation, testing and maintenance for the enhancement of both existing and new products &amp; tools. This candidate Provides technical support to project team members. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May provide leadership to others. Works under general direction. A wide degree of creativity and resourcefulness is expected. Due to the nature of our organization, we work in a high-pace and extremely collaborative Agile environment, thus the ability to engage your peers to propose, express and challenge ideas is extremely important; we emphasize the creation and self-maintenance of our documentation, so clarity in the candidate’s ability to express ideas and concepts is required. Qualifications Overall Essentials • Great interpersonal relations, team cooperation and the ability to communicate with technical and business stakeholders • Familiarity with emerging technologies and software development best practices • Ability and desire to quickly evaluate and learn new concepts, technical skills and technologies • Able to mentor others and lead design efforts Java Role Essentials • Bachelor’s Degree (Computer Science, Bio Engineering, Electronics and Electrical Engineering or any related field) • 5+ years experience using Groovy, Java, Scala or another JVM language • Experience with JSON, RESTful web services and client-server interactions • Experience with highly scalable web services • API design and development Role Desirables • Experience with Oracle development and optimization • Enterprise data warehousing design and development At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 