 Lead Reporting Analyst - Humana Long-Term Care (Boca Raton, FL): 182895 Primary Location : US-FL-Boca Raton Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Lead Reporting Analyst Assignment: Humana Long-Term Care Location: Boca Raton, FL In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Service Operations world – connect with consumers and expand future opportunity. Humana is seeking a Lead Reporting Analyst who will head a team of report analysts, managing all facets of internal and external reporting for the organization. Provide analysis of reports to inform business decisions and improve business processes. Work with business users to define and document requirements for analytics projects. Develop one-time analyses, on-demand reports, and scheduled reports using database queries and business intelligence tools. Facilitate communication between business users and IT partners Develop extensive knowledge of the Medicaid line of business operations in order to identify analytical opportunities. Identify and document data quality issues and data capture gaps. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Business or a related field. Intermediate to advanced proficiency in report modeling. Minimum 4 years of experience in a reporting or analytical role. Intermediate to advanced proficiency in SQL. Advanced proficiency in MS Excel. Intermediate to advanced proficiency in MS Access, Word and Outlook Strong communication skills. Role Desirables Prior group health insurance experience. Previous experience with Business Intelligence software, Qlikview would be a plus OR desire and capacity to learn new technologies. Prior work history in a fast paced environment or market office. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication is not missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 