 Manager of Engagement and Administrative Support - Roswell, GA: 180705 Primary Location : US-GA-Roswell Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 20 % of the Time Role: Manager of Engagement &amp; Administrative Support Assignment: Broker/General Agent Location: Roswell, GA Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. As a Humana associate, we strive to support you to be happier, healthier, and more productive in your professional and personal life. We are committed to supporting you to pursue career opportunities that align your strengths and aspirations to Humana’s dream of helping people achieve lifelong well-being. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Sales world – grow and mentor a team that build relationships and deliver customer-focused solutions that meet customer needs. Humana is seeking a Manager of Engagement &amp; Administrative Support to oversee market-based resources dedicated to supporting the sales process regardless of segment or product. The Manager will coordinate all the activation, engagement, enrollment and administrative resources to operationalize the sales process. He /She will oversee direct report staff and assists in issue resolution or installation activities during peak periods to ensure timely work flow. The Manager stays connected to the Health and Wellness group to maintain an understanding of the strategy for the activation and engagement in their market. They oversee the activation and engagement resources, monitor performance, coordinate training needs with the Sales Training and Engagement SME’s to achieve engagement and enrollment goals. The Manager also oversees the Admin Market Support and Service Market Support staff, monitoring performance in support of sales staff. They assist in problem resolution as necessary if the SMS is in need of assistance/direction. Sales Administration • Direct oversight, process management, and execution of sales support activities. Aligns resources to manage work volume • Coordinate with any consolidated/centralized resources that support their market (service teams, account coordinators, etc.) to meet the client need. Operations • Provide activation and engagement resources oversight, training, and performance management to ensure alignment to Wellness strategies, and integration into market sales goals • Understands Health and Wellness products and services, collaborates with Wellness group, provides feedback based on successes and failures with activation and engagement strategies and products • Identifies and delegates to the appropriate area to resolve any operational issues impacting the client and/or consumer experience • Oversee data collection to identify trends in customer service and operational issues and work to resolve/improve those issues Enrollment / engagement /activation • Manages the resources responsible for the enrollment, education, engagement, and activation of new customers (including wellness activation) Human Capital • Recruit and hire qualified staff. Coach, educate, and train for consistent process and administration • Oversight, Evaulation and Cross train staff to meet the business needs • Engages with activation and engagement resources to ensure continued development and connection to the Health and Wellness Group. Role Essentials • Bachelor’s degree • Demonstrated sales and account management experience in the health solutions industry • Possession of Health &amp; Life Insurance Licenses or ability to obtain within 120 days • Wellness background • Prior demonstrated leadership leading a team • Strong relationship building skills • Strong verbal and written communication skills Role Desirables • Knowledge of Humana’s internal policies, procedures and systems • MBA desired Reporting Relationships Reports into Market VP of Sales Additional Information As a Humana associate, we know you share our passion for helping people. Your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier and more productive in all areas of your life. This role is part of Humana’s Driver safety program and therefore requires an individual to have a valid state driver’s license and proof of personal vehicle liability insurance with at least 100/300/100 limits. At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 