 Market Management Consultant - Humana Long-Term Care (Florida): 179932 Primary Location : US-FL-Tampa Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 25 % of the Time Role: Market Management Consultant Assignment: Humana Long-Term Care Location: Work at Home (Florida) Assignment Capsule Connect with markets, shared services, Medicaid operations and key stakeholders to exploit operational improvement and business development opportunities. Humana Long-Term Care is seeking a Market Management Consultant who will use discipline and expertise to influence, educate and lead cross functional groups in order to optimize Medicaid Operational Model and meet requirements from state based contracts. You will initiate, plan, and frame-up highly visible projects and establishes requirements while consulting and gaining commitment from key stakeholders. Roles Responsibilities Serve as a consultant to internal clients by analyzing each situation; recognizes and identifies opportunities for improved outcomes, contributes to the development of corporate and market programs. Deep understanding of Medicaid and experience with integration of new business models into an existing platform. Develop and execute implementation plans based on state contractual requirements. Develop and execute programs to analyze and improve market and operational performance. Develop company capability for sustained, integrated partner models. Develop deep understanding of Medicaid business models and state based contracts; direct the implementation activities for a team. Define sign off processes for work stream leads within the program planning. Document and communicate Operating Model overarching decisions and timelines. Establish Program level tools (Program status, milestone tracker, RAID, etc.) Establish and implement standard tools for Pillar Leads (Milestone Tracking, Status Reporting, Project Plans, Decision Log). Develop detailed contingency plans. Socialize project plan feedback and ensure feedback is addressed by work stream owners in project plans. Schedule and facilitate ongoing sessions with work stream owners to discuss and refine work stream integration and comprehensive project plan. Report milestones, status, decisions to executive sponsors. Technical and Leadership Attributes General: Project management expertise – ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously. Strong collaboration and communication skills – ability to work effectively work with and communicate to all levels within the organization. Process improvement expertise – ability to take existing work and make it better. Excellent analytical skills – ability to analyze a complex situation and breakdown into tangible action items. Process &amp; Team Leadership Manages by influence including team members that are not direct reports. Models behavior and actions that are motivating to and supportive of others; lives the Humana values. Ensures expectations of project timelines and deliverables are manageable, and proactively raises risks as they occur through the project timeline. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree. 3 - 5 years in Medicare, Medicaid, or related role. 1 - 3 years of experience with strategic and/or data analytics. Strong attention to detail and focus on process and quality. Ability to lead project teams and drive deliverables to completion. Ability to identify gaps in process performance and recommend process improvements. Ability to work with internal support groups to drive business results. Success developing working relationships within a highly matrixed business environment. Ability to operate under tight deadlines in a high stress environment. Flexible scheduling (i.e. – occasional nights and weekends). Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Role Desirables Master’s Degree. 1 - 3 years of experience in Medicaid Business or Policy. Experience interacting with state and/or federal government programs. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication is not missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 