 Market Management Business Consultant (SQL, PLSQL, Data Mgmt, Mining exp) - Puerto Rico/Work at Home: 179304 Primary Location : US-Puerto Rico-San Juan Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Market Management Consultant Assignment: Location: Puerto Rico - Work at Home Humana needs your analytical skills to help us tell a compelling story about healthcare today. Through the strategic interpretation of data, we provide our consumers with meaningful insights about the choices they make and help them lead their best lives. We’re passionate about combining and analyzing diverse types of data to extract new, actionable discoveries about our members and their health-related behaviors. We encourage you to dive into your passion for data and use analysis to help Humana tell the health-and-wellness stories of our members. We’re looking for driven, innovative people who are interested in using their data-mining and analytical skills to help our consumers achieve lifelong well-being and help Humana make lasting, positive changes in the healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Market Operations world – Connect with consumers and expand future opportunity. Humana is seeking a Market Management Consultant who will develop and maintain key relationships; works with assigned area to optimize business results. This team generates reports and helps with the identification of Market Trends. Alerts the business areas of possible issues related to data analysis and utilize business knowledge to help analyze and improve existing processes and procedures. This role would help to support HCE by managing and extracting data to compliant with Medicare regulations. Lead and assists different areas to help optimize service and operational metrics, evaluating existing issue resolution processes, applications and tools, and collaborating with multiple departments to continuously strive for excellence. Partner with IT, PMO and subject matter experts to develop and deploy continuous improvement initiatives across the company Manage membership and clinical data Ensure accuracy of data Maintain and improving current queries and reports Assist with monthly, weekly, quarterly and ad hoc reporting needs Role Essentials Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Economics, or health related field 2 years or more experience using Structured Query Language (SQL), PLSQL or equivalent data mining querying languages Working knowledge of math/statistics, spreadsheets, and relational databases Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics Aptitude for learning new tools, techniques, concepts and technologies Ability to manage multiple priorities and/or projects Proficiency with Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Access Ability to evaluate data, use appropriate problem solving, research and analysis tools Ability to work independently Role Desirables Experience with Health Insurance or Healthcare systems Experience using Microsoft Visual Studio – SSRS &amp; SSIS. Bilingual English/Spanish. Candidate selected will not be communicating in English with members. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 