 Master Data Management (MDM) Architect: 182727 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Technology Applications Architect Assignment: MDM Architect Location: Louisville, KY Are you a fit? Are you technologically savvy? Would you enjoy using your computer skills to assess business needs and help improve business processes? Assignment Capsule As a MDM Architect for Enterprise Data and Technology Solutions organization at Humana, you will provide expert advice, counsel and technical expertise to ensure successful deployment of best-in-class Master Data Management (MDM) solutions for Humana. As a MDM Architect, you will Define the overall MDM solution architecture and sets technical direction, defines component architecture, and reviews detailed designs for accuracy and overall compliance to defined architecture; Develop an understanding of Humana’s business needs and translate those needs into technological systems, design specifications and solutions. Develop standards, best practices, and reference designs for the implementation of MDM solutions. Partner with other associates to analyze, design, develop and implement MDM solutions that will optimize business outcomes. Work closely with BA’s and architects to implement best-of-class MDM solutions Provide technical leadership for the development of data models, data mappings, data validation rules, match and merge rules. Design and develop customized MDM services. Design and develop necessary batch interfaces to and from MDM hub Ensure the design meets the business service level agreements (SLAs) for availability and performance Conducts regression resting of new releases of software components within the MDM repository and new releases of MDM software Key Competencies Builds Trust: You honor your word by doing what you say you are going to do. Implementation/Execution: You are good at organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects by using appropriate methodologies and tools. Innovate: You introduce new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. Problem Solving: You are a problem solver with the ability to encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Acting as both a broker and consultant regarding resources, you engage others in problem solving without taking over. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent experience 3 or more years of experience designing and implementing Master Data Management (MDM) solutions. 3 or more years of experience in designs and development of customized MDM code based on specifications 3 or more years of experience with MDM Hub configurations - Data modeling &amp; Data Mappings, Data validation, Match and Merge rules, building and customizing services. 3 or more years of experience in integrating external business applications with MDM hub using batch processes and SOA. At least 2 years of experience with advanced Java development / J2EE technologies, WebSphere Application Server (WAS) / Java architecture Comprehensive understanding of enterprise master data strategies and best practices. Comprehensive understanding of SOA, Event Driven Architecture, Data integration, Data Quality, Data Architecture and MDM best practices and processes Experience in data quality tools, including data profiling, cleansing and identity resolution. Role Desirables Experience with IBM InfoSphere Suite tools (Information Analyzer, Data Stage, Quality Stage, Information Governance Catalog) Experience with Business Process Modeling Exposure to data governance solutions Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer. Additional Information Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 