 Medical Record Retrieval Specialist - Irving, TX: 180842 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 75 % of the Time Role: Medical Records Retrieval Specialist – *Variable Staffing Pool (VSP) Assignment: Medicare Risk Adjustment Location: Irving, TX Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Clinical Space - Provide guidance to facilitate interaction or services that connect people with lifelong well-being. The Medical Records Retrieval Specialist travels to provider offices within the Irving, TX region and scans medical records into a secure system. The records are reviewed by Humana's Coding staff. Schedule appointments and visits to physician offices in a timely, efficient manner to meet all deadlines. Use a laptop computer and a portable scanner to retrieve medical records which will be uploaded into a database. Travel up to 100% of the time, and will consist of driving to locations close to your home, as well as driving to locations that require overnight travel for up to a week at a time. Role Essentials High School Diploma or equivalent 1-2 year of customer service experience Previous telephone and scheduling experience Ability to travel locally up to 100% of the time Ability to travel overnight occasionally Must have reliable transportation with valid driver's license and insurance Demonstrated organizational skills Proficiency in Microsoft Office Word and Excel Working knowledge of computers, or a demonstrated technical aptitude and an ability to quickly learn new systems Professional appearance and attitude Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in a related field Previous healthcare or health insurance experience Familiarity with medical terminology and/or ICD-9 codes Additional Information * Variable Staffing Pool (VSP) – Humana associates who work flexible hours to meet business needs, with no guaranteed minimum or maximum number of hours in any week. These associates are paid hourly and receive limited benefits - Business Travel Accident and eligible for participation in 401k. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, KY, is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 