 Medicaid Finance Consultant: 181686 Primary Location : US-FL-Miramar Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Medicaid Finance Consultant Assignment: Direct Segment Finance - Medicaid Location: Miramar, FL Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Finance Consultant who will perform forecasting and analysis of data in the areas of medical economics, financial reporting and planning, profit improvement initiatives and on various departmental projects, using the results you generate to create financial reports. You will also act as a Finance liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects. Data mining using SQL to pull data related to health plan member’s enrollment, premium and claims detail. Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Executes for Results: Effectively leverages resources to create exceptional outcomes, embraces change, and constructively resolves barriers and constraints. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field 3+ years’ experience in Health Insurance Industry Prior financial analysis experience and medical economics Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, Access and multi-dimensional databases. SQL experience a must. Role Desirables Knowledge of SAS Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 