 Medical Record Retrieval Specialist - Federal Way, WA: 180516 Primary Location : US-Washington-Federal Way Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Record Retrieval Specialist Assignment: Medicare Risk Adjustment Location: Federal Way, WA Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Clinical Space- Provide guidance to facilitate interaction or services that connect people with lifelong well-being. The Medical Records Retrieval Specialist travels to provider offices within the region and scans medical records into a secure system. The records are reviewed by Humana's Coding staff. Travel up to 100% of the time, and will consist of driving to locations close to your home, as well as driving to locations that require overnight travel for up to a week at a time. Use a laptop computer and a portable scanner to retrieve medical records which will be uploaded into a database. Schedule appointments and visits to physician offices in a timely, efficient manner to meet all deadlines. Role Essentials High School Diploma or equivalent Professional appearance and attitude Must have reliable transportation with insurance and valid driver's license Demonstrated organizational skills Proficiency in Microsoft Office Word and Excel Working knowledge of computers, or a demonstrated technical aptitude and an ability to quickly learn new systems Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Ability to travel locally up to 100% of the time Ability to travel overnight occasionally Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in a related field Previous healthcare or health insurance experience preferred Familiarity with medical terminology and/or ICD-9 codes Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 