 Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility Liaison (RN or LVN) - Northeast Texas (Dallas, Houston or Texarkana area): 181783 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 50 % of the Time Role: Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility Liaison (RN or LVN) Assignment: Medicare Location: Northeast Texas - Work at home in the Dallas, Houston or Texarkana area Are you a fit? Do you have a desire to be in a position where you can provide guidance to our providers on Humana processes in accordance with Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) and Medicare guidelines? Are you skilled in facilitating and maintaining productive relationships with SNF providers? Assignment Capsule As the Skilled Nursing Facility Liaison you provide oversight of the SNF facilities in regards to their utilization review metrics and contractual relationships with Humana. This is a travel role that will involve about 50 percent day and overnight travel to our SNF facilities across Northeast Texas. The ideal candidate will live within this area. Build and maintain existing relationships with SNF providers Build and maintain new relationships with SNF providers Compliance oversight regarding SNF in conjunction with Compliance Leadership Maintain accurate SNF scorecards and PAR/Choice county sheets in conjunction with the SW TX SNF Liaison and SNF Strategic Consultant to include availability of services Collaborate with Leadership, Contracting, and the SNF team acting as a resource Collaborates with Contracting - quarterly review of network requests, network changes, track contracting changes and communicate to team, termination of providers and adding new SNF providers, critical access issues and internal and external data Assist SNF Providers with issues and assist other areas as needed to resolve Reach out to facilities quarterly to identify issues/barriers Address issues identified at SNFs with Facilities and Management Companies Facilitates on boarding of new post-acute nurses to provide insight on assigned facilities Potential attendance at corporate SNF meetings Active participation in any SNF Rounds and in SNF meetings with contracting and leadership team Assist Utilization Management Nurses with barriers in obtaining clinical information and Signed NOMNC’s and in finding placement for members Strategically schedules facility visits for assigned markets in conjunction with Leadership Role Essentials Current License Practical Nurse (LPN or LVN) or Registered Nurse (RN) in the state in which the nurse will be required to practice Ability to be licensed in multiple states without restrictions Progressive clinical experience as a nurse preferably in an acute care, skilled or rehabilitation clinical setting Ability to work independently under general instructions and with a team Organized with excellent communication and Emotional Intelligence skills Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Outlook and basic Excel skills with database entry and manipulation This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or Cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed for optimal performance for Humana systems is 10Mx1M Role Desirables Prefer candidates who live in the Northeast Texas area Health Plan experience Medicare / Medicaid experience Marketing or provider relations experience Previous experience in utilization management, discharge planning and/or home health or rehab Bilingual in English and Spanish is a plus Reporting Relationships You will report to a director. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 