 MetCare - Primary Care Physician - Orange City, FL: 182203 Primary Location : US-FL-Orange City Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Do you take satisfaction in providing the highest quality of care to a mostly geriatric patient population?Then we invite you to consider joining a premier primary care network for seniors on Florida's central coast at Metropolitan Healthcare Network (MetCare).We are looking for Board Certified Internal Medicine, Family Medicine, and Geriatric physicians who really understand that senior care requires a special touch. Join a collegial team of four providers in Orange City, Florida. JOB SUMMARY: The Primary Care Physician (PCP) working in coordination with the other members of the Care Team and under direction of the Center Medical Director (CMD) shall deliver the highest quality healthcare in a population health environment. The PCP will carry a panel of patients and is subject to the standards of care adopted by the company and the Chief Medical Officer. As a member of Care Team, the PCP interacts and consults with other team members as it pertains to center activities and best practices in patient care. MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Patient Care Assures personal compliance with licensing, certification, and accrediting bodies. Evaluates and treats center patients in accordance with standards of care. Follows level of medical care and quality for patients and monitors care using available data and chart reviews. Completes all medical record documentation appropriately after each patient encounter or prior to end of shift. Calls patients to ensure their well-being as needed following center visits. Follows policy and protocol defined by VP Medical, Senior Medical Leadership and Chief Medical Officer. Meets with CMD about quality of care, policy, procedure and records issues and to develop best practice medical and process management protocols. Meets with CMD to review outcome data, quality management metrics and other metrics, and assure proficiency in the policies, procedures and care protocols in accordance with the company’s population health model. Participates in potential growth opportunities for new or existing services within the Center. Participates in the local primary care “on-call” program of CDO and Physician Association. Assists in the coordination of patient services, including but not limited to specialty referrals, hospital and SNF coordination, durable medical equipment and home health care. Other duties as assigned How does joining our Care Delivery Organization benefit you? For Doctors, By Doctors – As part of Humana's Care Delivery Organization, MetCare is a medical group led by doctors in a way that benefits doctors.A company with great reputation – join a community of doctors with great experiences who are well recognized in the medical and healthcare industry.Pioneering Innovation – You’ll serve as a key piece in an innovative new healthcare model.A Better Understanding– It’s a chance to view your patients holistically and incorporate preventative care.Peace Of Mind – You’ll experience the comfort and security that comes with working for a Fortune 100 company.A New Beginning– the company will provide you with assistance for relocation to Volusia or Orange County, FL, an excellent 401K program, a competitive salary with bonuses, and eligibility for merit increases that are performance driven, and medical benefits that start the first day you join the organization. Practice details: 100% Outpatient, shared phone call Full-time; Monday-Friday Daily census is 16-18 patients Support of Patient Care Team for each physician Orange City is located in Volusia County, Florida. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city had a population of 10,599. It is a part of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach metropolitan area, which was home to 590,289 people in 2010. Orange City offers a small town ambiance and some of the safest and most affordable housing options in central Florida. You will be 30 minutes to Daytona Beach and 45 minutes to Orlando. The area is large enough to boast shopping, dining and cultural amenities, but small enough to avoid major traffic and a high cost of living. You will find native Florida foliage and colorful wildlife here, along with pristine beaches nearby. Enjoy world class golf and tennis and plentiful boating and fishing. Not to mention the Walt Disney World Resort and numerous Orlando area attractions. Daytona International Speedway is great for racing fans! Nearby Daytona Beach and Orlando each offer an International Airport. Role Essentials Active, unrestricted medical license in the state of Florida. Board Certified if practicing, Board Eligible if a recent graduate in Family Medicine, Internal Medicine or Geriatrics. Experience with electronic health record documentation. Current, unrestricted DEA license. This role is considered patient facing and is part of a Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB Role Desirables Previous Medicare/Medicaid Experience a plus. Knowledge or experience with a patient centered medical home model. Experience with eClinicalWorks EHR. Bilingual: Fluent in Spanish and English is a plus MetCare is a primary care network of doctors, nurses and specialists for seniors insured through Medicare. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to join an organization that is poised to impact the future of healthcare, we just might have the right opportunity for you with Humana! 