 MRA Facilitator/Educator: 182137 Primary Location : US-FL-Orlando Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 50 % of the Time Role: MRA Facilitator/EducatorAssignment: CarePlus Location: WAH- Orlando, FL area We’re looking for associates who are dedicated to service and believe in following the Golden Rule of treating others the way you want to be treated. Humana was founded on this premise, and this value is reflected in our expectations for providing perfect service to our consumers, providers, employers, agents and others we work with. At Humana, Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, and providing everyone with personalized attention and guidance. We want to engage with our members through every step of their journey to lifelong well-being. This includes meaningful direct consumer interaction and developing positive relationships with healthcare providers. Humana associates provide Perfect Service every day to our members, employers, providers, and colleagues. We’re looking for people who improve their own well-being by looking out for the best interests of others. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Learning organization - deliver value and quality in a fast paced environment. Humana is seeking a Learning Facilitator who will be responsible for the following: Review and analyze medical records with additional data using various modeling tools for Medicare Risk Adjustment to identify educational needs Educate physician and office staff on accurate medical record documentation and ICD-10-CM coding guidelines Act as a liaison between CarePlus and contracted providers to facilitate and maintain a “team” approach with a long-term positive working relationship. Assess additional learning needs and deliver learning interventions/workshops for internal and external partners. Utilize specialized project management methods to define the scope, logistics and documentation practices needed for various special projects. Plan, conduct and coordinate all aspects of operational training in a functional area. Apply Adult Learning Principles using a wide variety of methods and media to deliver technical content. Demonstrate technical knowledge through the use of technological applications. Deliver content professionally by stating a clear course purpose with objective(s). Set clear expectations and goals. Demonstrate a face to face communication style and address issues as they arise. Support the team’s success by providing necessary resources and breaking down barriers. Provide necessary resources and helps to remove obstacles while demonstrating personal commitment to the group. Act promptly in routine situation while building productive relationships and establishing rapport. Ability to travel up to 50 % in the state of Florida with possible overnight stays. Must be located in Orlando area and will be traveling within the following counties: Orange, Osceola, Seminole, Lake, Sumter, Marion, Brevard and Duval. Role Essentials High school diploma or equivalent The American Academy of professional Coders (AAPC) Certified Professional Coder (CPC) certification Minimum of 3 years coding experience and/or previous coding facilitator experience Expertise in risk adjustment coding Knowledge of CMS coding guidelines Strong attention to detail and remarkable follow up skills Exceptional interpersonal, public speaking and presentation skills Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint Ability to travel as described in description with possible overnight stays Role Desirables Bachelor’s Degree in Communications, Education or similar field Knowledge of Access Reporting Relationship You will be reporting to the MRA Education Manager. Additional Information Please be advised, the role opportunity displayed here is for CarePlus - a wholly owned subsidiary of Humana Inc At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 