 National Hospital Contracting Operations Executive: 182789 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: National Hospital Contracting Operations Executive Assignment: National Contracting Location: Louisville KY or WAH anywhere U.S. Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the National Contracting World- Provide leadership and direction while improving National Contracting processes and procedures. Humana is seeking a Contracting Operations Consultant who will lead and drive project management, analysis of data, and contract performance improvement initiatives. You will also act as a operational and strategic liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects. Manage departmental activities to ensure operational excellence, including the accurate and timely loading of contracts and rates. Organize and manage the execution of national contracting initiatives, including negotiations and provider relations functions. Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Use, create, and synthesize data to help minimize provider disruption and drive internal contracting strategies. Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Executes for Results: Effectively leverages resources to create exceptional outcomes, embraces change, and constructively resolves barriers and constraints. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field strongly preferred Prior contracting, contract operations, service operations, or provider relations experience Strong Attention to Detail Hospital, ASC and Physician reimbursement experience is essential to this role At least 3 years of Payer or Provider contracting and reimbursement experience. Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, Excel, Access and multi-dimensional databases Proficiency in analyzing, understanding and communicating financial trends Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business Administration or a related field Visual Basic Reporting Relationships This position reports to a Field VP. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Apply now, or join our Talent Network so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 