 Network Access Adequacy Consultant: 180776 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Network Access Adequacy Consultant Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Assignment Capsule Perform network adequacy, network development, and trend analysis of network performance to develop strategic network development activities resulting from the more stringent TRICARE Select network adequacy standards. The purpose of the network adequacy reviews is to ensure as many beneficiaries as possible have access to the TRICARE benefit. These reviews allow us to quickly identify access issues and initiate mitigation strategies. The outcome of this process helps us to continue to expand the network and remove access to care barriers, regardless of PSA boundaries. 55% - Perform network adequacy, network development, and trend analysis of network performance to develop strategic network development activities resulting from the more stringent TRICARE Select network adequacy standards 25% - Provide guidance to the Network Development Managers and teams on prime areas of focused growth. 10% - Collaborate with Market Based leaders as well as Network contracting teams in order to understand the unique challenges and dynamics of their particular market. 10% -In market network collaboration meetings in order to foster greater understanding of the TRICARE program. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree plus three or more years data analytics 2-3 years’ experience developing network growth strategies Previous experience in provider contracting Strong written communication and presentation skills Strong PC skills, including business software Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Role Desirables: Knowledge of the TRICARE program and other Government contracting experience as well as the different reimbursement methodologies being employed. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 