 Network Hospital Contracting Executive: 182145 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Hospital Contracting Executive Assignment: Humana Military Location: WAH anywhere (working onsite is an option) Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services Assignment Capsule The position will provide corporate support on a National level to the Director of Network Contracting and is responsible for building and maintaining a competitive Hospital network for our beneficiaries. Providing a comprehensive hospital network to consumers and executing on Humana's consumer-focused business strategy demands constant negotiation with a variety of provider constituencies and continual re-prioritization of government and beneficiary needs, assuring that market area network plans are executed and desired government network goals are achieved (i.e. access standards, discount guarantees). As a Hospital Contractor you will strategically engage the hospital provider community and negotiate contracts that are favorable to Humana’s business. Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Negotiate hospital and Ancillary Contracts at Standard or Market rates. Determine strengths and weaknesses of the network by improving Hospital and Ancillary discounts by renegotiating rates and incorporate corrective action plan into business plans Collaborate with multi-discipline team of Market Directors, Market Managers, Data Analytics, and National Trend to understand specific approaches based on unique market conditions. Monitor and report to Director of Network Contracting on progress and success Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience Minimum of five years network contracting experience, including institution Minimum one year health plan (field) experience Experience with Value Based Contracting Basic computer skills experience Role Desirables Master’s Degree in HealthCare Administration or Business Experience with TRICARE contracts Reporting Relationships This position reports to a Contracting Director. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 