 Non-Clinical Specialist - Minnetonka, MN (Hours 9a-6p CST): 181955 Primary Location : US-Minnesota-Minneapolis Other Locations : US-South Dakota-Aberdeen, US-Nebraska-Omaha, US-WI-Green Bay, US-Illinois-Chicago, US-Wyoming-Riverton, US-Montana-Billings, US-North Dakota-Fargo, US-Iowa-Davenport Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Non-Clinical Specialist - (Hours 9a-6p CST) Assignment: Sr. Segment Location: Minnetonka, MN – Work at Home must live in one of the states indicated (MN, IA, NE, WY, MT, ND, SD, IL, WI) Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Clinical Space- Provide guidance to facilitate interaction or services that connect people with lifelong well-being. As a Clinical Innovations Specialist you will contribute to the success of Humana’s business strategy by collecting broad based information and gathering resources and data in order to arm the team with the tools necessary to enhance consumer engagement, choice, and trust. Make outbound calls to engage members and/or providers to verify clinical information Document all calls and attach clinical information received Create and send out written correspondence Role Essentials High School Diploma Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel and Outlook Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Working knowledge of computers, or a demonstrated technical aptitude and an ability to quickly learn new systems Must have the ability to provide a high speed DSL or cable modem for a home office (Satellite and Wireless Internet service is NOT allowed for this role). A minimum standard speed for optimal performance of 10x1 (10mbs download x 1mbs upload) is required Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or a related field Familiarity with medical terminology and/or ICD-10 codes Reporting Relationships You will report to a Front Line Leader. Additional Information Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 