 Nurse Liaison (RN) - Seattle, WA: 181197 Primary Location : US-Washington-Federal Way Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 50 % of the Time Role: Nurse Liaison (RN) Assignment: Medicare Location: Seattle, WA (King and Snohomish counties) Are you a fit? Do you have a passion for being able to impact and influence the direction of people’s thinking through the impactful delivery of clinical best practices? Do you enjoy creating goals using models and metrics to support clinical programs? If so, this role may be for you! Assignment Capsule This position will require travel most weeks. The assigned area will cover King and Snohomish counties - which is considered Puget Sound North. This role is considered work at home, but you will be in office 2-3 days per week in Federal Way depending upon offsite provider visits. You will develop and maintain key relationships to optimize business results. The ideal candidate for this position will have a good clinical background with their strengths being on the business side. Have financial accountability, being able to look for, identify and create efficiencies. With an eye on performance, organized and a real driver of the business process. You will also have a good background in case management and utilization management with good hospital based knowledge. Other responsibilities include: Attend meetings with physician groups to address areas of clinical utilization. Educate physician groups on the principles of medical management (CM, DM, UM). Work with physician groups and other Humana associates to identify opportunities to streamline work processes. Collaborate with Humana team members in engaging physician groups (Operations, QI, Finance, MRA). Utilize reports to identify clinical indicators requiring intervention. Serve as primary resource for Humana’s clinical programs to internal and external audiences as required. Improve relations with physician, hospital and community groups addressing health care. Participate in strategic discussion, creation, implementation of interventions to address clinical utilization. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in health and/or business-related field or work experience equivalent. Registered Nurse, licensed in WA Critical thinker with the ability to analyze reports and act on data Excellent PC skills (including MS Word, Excel and Access) required. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal. Strong organizational skills and adept at multi-tasking. Must be available for some travel. Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or Cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed for optimal performance from Humana systems if 10Mx1M Role Desirables Background in case management, utilization management and payer experience preferred Reporting Relationships This position will report to a Health Services Director. Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 