 OCMO Executive Physician Immersion Program: 180619 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 25 % of the Time Role: Office of Chief Medical Officer Executive Physician Immersion Program Assignment: Executive Physician Immersion Program - Medical Director Location: Louisville, KY Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. Our Search: Executive Physician Immersion Program-Medical Director Imagine putting your career into overdrive, interacting with C-suite executives who mentor and collaborate with you. Imagine learning about and influencing systems that affect population health at a national level. The Executive Physician Immersion Program at Humana is a ground breaking opportunity unlike any other. It’s a two-year program under the direction of the Chief Medical Officer. You’re immersed in market-based, core experiences where you can develop innovative solutions to problems you really care about. Key Role Objectives/Responsibilities Humana is seeking to bring physicians into the heart of our company through our industry-leading Physician Executive Immersion Program. Our goal is to provide an innovative, rigorous, premier program for the best minds in medicine who are looking to be part of the next generation of physician leaders working to improve population health, all while supporting independent continued clinical practice if desired. The program consists of several core principles that serve as your foundation for growth and development. They include: Direct mentorship from C-suite level executives with rotations on core business teams to provide a broad and deep understanding of: The current healthcare business landscape Humana’s vision for its new role in healthcare Population Health Management Significant exposure to development opportunities focused on: Honing analytical skills Further developing leadership skills Improving business acumen Participation on projects ranging from: Development and innovation of Humana’s healthcare services Consumer insights and messaging Market dynamics, contracting, and growth Population health partnerships Accountable care organizations Meaningful use and integration of big data analytics and informatics Support for continued clinical practice, if desired Role Essentials We are seeking candidates who are eager to contribute to multiple teams while gaining new skills and knowledge about the healthcare industry. Physicians considered eligible for the program should meet the following criteria: Board-licensed or board eligible Active, unrestricted license with independent practice experience Secondary degree—MBA preferred but MPH and JD considered Demonstration of significant early career leadership Flexible work style with a desire for career development Willing to relocate to Humana headquarters in Louisville Role Desirables Previous Medicare/Medicaid Experience a plus. Knowledge or experience with a patient centered medical home model. Experience with eClinicalWorks EHR. Bilingual: English, Spanish and other languages are beneficial. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 