 Open Systems Storage Administrator: 180251 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-WI-Green Bay Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Open Systems Storage Administrator Assignment: IT Location: Green Bay or Louisville (WAH) In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Storage Administrator that will perform design and maintenance tasks including installation, customization, documentation, debugging and performance tuning on complex projects with system-wide ramifications. You will also act as an area expert on special projects, assisting with the adoption of new technology and creating and refining best-practices. Technical administration of large enterprise storage network including multiple data centers Routine tasks including zoning, masking, space monitoring, issue resolution, storage virtualization, and remote data replication Manage storage hardware and software installations and upgrades Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or Computer Science, or at least 4 years of professional IT experience Must have 4 years storage technology experience Professional work experience with Windows XP operating system, storage technologies and networking Provide ongoing technical advice, assistance, and training to fellow associates Role Desirables Experience with EMC storage platforms and components, ex: VMAX, VPLEX, Cisco SAN, Centera, VNX, Celerra, Isilon, and ECS Knowledge of EMC software, ex: Powerpath, SPA, SMC, Unisphere, Fabric Manager, Vplex local and metro, and Timefinder Experience with IBM storage platforms and components, ex: DS8870, DS8886, and XIV Experience with Pure storage platforms and components Demonstrated project management experience Knowledge of host operating systems, Wintel, AIX, Linux, ESX Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 