 Operations Analyst: 180578 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Technology Operations Analyst In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a part of Information Technology and use your skills to help assess and resolve operating difficulties Humana is seeking a Technology Operations Analyst you will: provide technical support to end-users of server, network, applications, and hardware, supplying direction to all Humana associates seeking technological assistance. Partner with peers to identify areas of improvement within the IT department and the company-at-large, providing solutions in the form of new standards and procedures Answer calls from internal users, providing effective support and documenting your work in Humana’s tracking system Triage reported problems to determine the most efficient manner of resolution Simulate or recreate operating difficulties, recommending system modifications and communicating with other IT departments to correct core issues Monitor Humana’s infrastructure to help identify and resolve issues before any end-user impact is seen Key Competencies Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity, lives up to commitments, and takes responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first Role Essentials 2 years of corporate IT experience with general networking and server knowledge Working knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Excel and Access Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field CompTIA Network+ Cisco CCNA or CCENT Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Manager. This area is under the leadership of the Senior Vice President &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 