 Operations Shared Services Analytics Leader: 180480 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US-OH-Cincinnati, US-AZ-Phoenix, US-OH-Columbus Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 15 % of the Time Role: Operations Shared Services Analytics Leader Assignment: OSS Analytics-HIC Location: Louisville, KY (In-Office), WAH out of state if able to travel 25% OSS Analytics is an Enterprise Shared Services team focused on reporting and analytics supporting Humana’s Service Operations. The team is focused on converting data to actionable insights our business partners can utilize to reduce administrative cost and improve the customer’s experience. This position will lead a group of business professionals within the OSS Analytics team. This team is focused on Service data infrastructure, Reporting and Data Visualization and Analytics. The ideal candidate will: Collaborate with other departments and leaders to design the appropriate measurement strategy to support the business need Manage and develop a team of analytic professionals Possess a proven ability to present solutions using both technical and non-technical models and results Exhibit strong communication skills Be an innovative thinker with an innate curiosity around data Show an ability to contribute to a strategic vision for the department Be self-motivated and possess the ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines Possess the capacity to maintain confidentiality and work independently Role Essentials Bachelor Degree (Quantitative discipline a plus) 3 years of experience in an analytic role 3 years of leadership experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with leading a team that does Data Visualization using tools such as - Tableau, SSRS, etc. Experience with leading a team that does coding in Python, SAS, SQL, etc. Experience with relational databases - Oracle, DB2, T- SQL, etc. Role Desirables Master’s Degree Knowledge of the healthcare insurance industry Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 