 Part-time Weekend Clerical Support Specialist - Mirimar, FL: 180794 Primary Location : US-FL-Miramar Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Part-time Role: Part time Weekend Clerical Support Specialist Assignment: Health Services/Medicare Location: Miramar, FL This is role requires 1 week of in office training. Mon-Fri, in Miramar, FL. After training the hours for this role are Sat &amp; Sun, either 8:30am-5pm OR 9am-5:30pm est. Assignment Capsule As a Clerical Support Specialist you will contribute to the success of Humana’s business strategy by collecting broad based information and gathering resources and data in order to arm the team with the tools necessary to enhance consumer engagement, choice, and trust. Data entry, creating/updating authorizations and attaching clinicals to the internal system Document all calls and attach clinical information received Create and send out written correspondence Role Essentials Highly proficient computer skills, specifically Word and Excel Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Detail oriented Be able to work independently and as part of a team Experience meeting deadlines in a fast paced environment Role Desirables Familiarity with medical terminology and/or ICD-10 codes Reporting Relationships You will report to a Front Line Leader. Additional Information As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 