 Pharmacy Rework Process Consultant: 182870 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Rework Process Consultant Assignment: Humana Pharmacy Solutions Location: Louisville, KY Are you a fit? Do you enjoy focusing on process analysis and process improvement? Does working with data and claims on a daily basis excite you? If so, read on! Assignment Capsule As a Rework Process Consultant you will be responsible for analyzing, identifying, and managing key processes that need to be improved in support of Humana's missions and Humana Pharmacy Solution's (HPS) strategic operating plan in addition to oversight of various Rework processes. Success in this role requires knowledge of pharmacy claims processing systems and processes. This role also involves coordination with several internal and external stakeholders including, but not limited to, DST Pharmacy Solutions, Finance, and Humana IT. · Monitor weekly Rework submissions and timeliness of Rework completion to ensure compliance to CMS guidance. · Prioritize and manage performance improvement initiatives based on impact to the business processes for a business unit within the HPS area. · Ensure timely and effective communication with other departments who use, or obtain results from Rework. · Act as a Process Consult in facilitating teams to identify barriers to performance, root cause analysis, process mapping, issue prioritization, brainstorming solutions and implementation. · Oversee process and system improvements recommended by various business teams to optimize the work of the HPS organization. · Work with teams and leadership to implement improvement initiatives. · Facilitation and coordination of Rework meetings and calls. Key Competencies · Builds Trust: You honor your word by doing what you say you are going to do. · Implementation/Execution: You are good at organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects by using appropriate methodologies and tools. · Innovate: You introduce new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. · Pursues Excellence: Seeks out learning from experience, other people and various resources. Strives to develop and expand personal ability and performance. Continuously helps others upgrade their capability to contribute to Humana. · Problem Solving: You are a problem solver with the ability to encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Acting as both a broker and consultant regarding resources, you engage others in problem solving without taking over. Role Essentials · Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. · Progressive Quality, Process Improvement or Reengineering experience · Previous operational experience · Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, Visual Basic, Access and multi-dimensional databases · Ability to manipulate data and detect trends · Experience working with large volumes of data (summarizing, reviewing for anomalies) · Demonstrated competency in both oral and written communication skills. · Solid understanding of process / work flow concepts. · Excellent interpersonal and teamwork skills. Role Desirables · Experience reviewing healthcare claims data · Experience with Oracle DBMS · Strong knowledge of SQL Reporting Relationships You will report to a Process Manager. This area is under the direction of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 