 Pharmacy Operations Software Test Manager – Specialty Pharmacy: 182958 Primary Location : US-OH-Springdale Other Locations : US-KY-Louisville, US-AZ-Glendale Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Pharmacy Operations Software Test Manager - Specialty PharmacyLocation: Springdale, OH or Glendale, AZ or Louisville, KY Are you a fit? Are you an analytical thinker and an experienced leader? Would you enjoy using your systems and business knowledge to help coordinate and lead a team or software test associates? Assignment Capsule Act as a liaison between specialty pharmacy business and technology areas, assisting both internally and externally with the assessment, testing and implementation of technology solutions. Partner with the Information Technology/Development department and business areas throughout the entire SDLC leveraging knowledge of both Waterfall and Agile methods. Keen ability to efficiently lead a manual testing effort based on a risk based approach to testing Identify and coordinate functional test areas/test case candidates for functional test automation team Lead and guide others, in business side testing as well as user acceptance testing. Oversee project plan development, product certification, and the operational overview of the installation or rollout of information technology products and systems. Design and manage the execution of departmental plans and objectives to ensure efficient and effective business processes. Provide ongoing coaching and feedback to enhance the contributions, competencies, and performance of associates. Key Competencies Builds Human Capital: You deliver current, direct, complete and actionable feedback to associates to support continuous learning and growth; while ensuring that diverse perspectives are widely held, modeled and promoted. By selecting, deploying, developing and rewarding diverse talent, you are able to foster Humana’s strategy and meet business requirements. Communication: You actively listen to others to understand their perspective and ensure continuous understanding regardless of communication channel or audience. Implementation/Execution: You are good at organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects by using appropriate methodologies and tools. Problem Solving: You are a problem solver with the ability to encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Acting as both a broker and consultant regarding resources, you engage others in problem solving without taking over. our customers, consumers and key stakeholders aligns with Humana’s vision, business, culture, value proposition, brand promise and strategic imperatives. Role Essentials Strong technology background and testing aptitude with at least 3 to 5 years’ experience as a leader in the pharmacy or technology fields Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Strong organizational skills The ability to handle multiple projects Self-motivated, action oriented, and results driven Associates working in the state of Arizona must comply with the Tobacco Free Hiring Policy (see details below under Additional Information) and upon offer will be subjected to nicotine testing as part of a 10 panel drug test Role Desirables Project Management experience Leadership experience over a large data-intensive operational unit BA/BS CSE or CIS, MBA would be a + EDI, eCommerce, B2B or B2C experience QTP &amp; LoadRunner Progressive operational experience in a formal or informal leadership role, preferably with some tenure at a Fortune 100 Company Additional Information: The following policy applies ONLY to associates working in the state of Arizona: Humana is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment and to promoting the health and well-being of its associates. Effective July 1, 2011, Humana has adopted a tobacco-free hiring policy that will promote a healthier workplace and will not hire users of tobacco and nicotine products. If you have any questions, please consult with your recruiter. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 