 Pharmacy Analytics Consultant: 182182 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Pharmacy Analytics Consultant Assignment: Pharmacy Analytics Location: Louisville, KY Pharmacy: Partner with people who care Bring your unique talents and perspectives to Humana and help us bring better healthcare solutions to our members. At Humana, you’ll have the opportunity to interact with members, provide professional advice, and enable positive outcomes in a growing organization. Humana’s innovative approach to mail-order pharmacy solutions enables us to outpace the competition, with the well-being of our members in mind. Our innovative Pharmacy Solutions offers a cost-effective, easy way for our members to receive their medications without waiting in line, and giving them back more time in their days to enjoy life. We’re looking for people from a variety of healthcare backgrounds to join our growing pharmacy team and work with people at all levels of the industry. At Humana, you’ll partner with people who care. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Pharmacy Analytics world – helping to provide a perfect experience to members in a growing Pharmacy environment.We are seeking a Pharmacy Analytics Consultant to support our Patient Safety Initiatives by implementing pilot studies and campaign designs to change members’ behavior. Individuals who can communicate effectively and enjoy transforming data into information will be successful in this role. This position primarily supports patient safety analysis on our Medicare population. Duties can include: Reviewing CMS, PQA, NCQA, and HEDIS technical specifications Executing and delivering ad hoc reports Developing campaigns to change member behavior Working closely with pharmacists to help shape the program through outreaches Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity, lives up to commitments, and takes responsibility for the impact of one's actions. Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Pursues Excellence: Seeks out learning, strives to develop and expand personally, and continuously helps others upgrade their capability to contribute to Humana. Role Essentials Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Healthcare, Informatics, or Computer Science Experience manipulating and analyzing large data sets Programming experience in SAS, SQL and/or R Clear oral and written communication skills Flexible, dynamic personality who works well in a team environment and is also an individual contributor Strong problem-solving and analytical skills Ability to determine accuracy of data as well as identify and resolve errors Role Desirables Master’s degree Experience with reporting (from dealing with large data sets to report production) Experience with statistics and using data for decision making Experience in forecasting techniques helpful Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite as well as data extract tools Reporting Relationships You will report to a Manager. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 