 Pharmacy Technician - Specialty Item Entry: 182822 Primary Location : US-OH-Springdale Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Item Entry Pharmacy Technician Assignment: Humana Mail Order Pharmacy Location: Springdale, OH NOTE: this team works different shifts. You will work 3 shifts of 9-5:30 pm, 1 shift 10-6:30 pm, 1 shift 11:30 - 8 pm. Your schedule will be assigned during the classroom training. Bring your unique talents and perspectives to Humana and help us bring better healthcare solutions to our members. At Humana, you’ll have the opportunity to interact with members, provide professional advice, and enable positive outcomes in a growing organization. Humana’s innovative approach to mail-order pharmacy solutions enables us to outpace the competition, with the well-being of our members in mind. Our innovative Pharmacy Solutions offers a cost-effective, easy way for our members to receive their medications without waiting in line, and giving them back more time in their days to enjoy life. We’re looking for people from a variety of healthcare backgrounds to join our growing pharmacy team and work with people at all levels of the industry. At Humana, you’ll partner with people who care. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Pharmacy world – providing perfect service to members in a growing Pharmacy environment. Humana mail order pharmacy is seeking experienced certified pharmacy technicians for full time career opportunities. Responsibilities include data entry and problem solving with pharmacists to deliver accurate prescription information. The Pharmacy Technician contributes to the success of Humana’s business strategy by collecting and entering broad based information required for timely and accurate processing of prescription orders for our members. Role Essentials Candidates for this position must have the following skills: Certified Pharmacy Technician. Strong data entry skills. Ability to solve problems and encourage others in collaborative problem solving. Self-directed, but also able to work well in a group. A positive, proactive attitude, energetic, highly motivated and a self-starter. Work ethic that is focused, accurate and highly productive. Must be able to work the hours assigned. Role Desirables Mail Order Pharmacy experience. 1-2 years of experience as a Pharmacy Technician in a retail, mail order or hospital pharmacy setting. Reporting Relationships Reports to a Frontline Leader. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 