 Pharmacy Technician Open House Event: 182814 Primary Location : US-AZ-Glendale Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Join us for an Open House with on-site interviews for Pharmacy Tech and Tech in Training positions! Tuesday, November 14th from 1pm-6pm and Wednesday, November 15th from 7am-12pm! Please see below for details on the positions we’re hiring for, then apply to this requisition to expedite the screening process prior to the Open House. Role: Pharmacy Technician or Tech in Training Where: 8990 W. Glendale Ave, Glendale, AZ 85305 When: 11/14 from 1-6pm and 11/15 from 7am-12pm, expect to spend 1-1.5 hours meeting with our teams Work Schedule: These are all full-time 40 hours/week positions with overtime as needed. Our Pharmacy is open Monday-Friday 6am-9pm and some teams have rotating Saturday shifts 8am-4:30pm approximately every 3 weeks. Humana's mail-order pharmacy has multiple openings for Pharmacy Technicians to work in call center and data entry environments with a team-oriented, positive culture that promotes interaction with your peers and customer satisfaction. We offer a variety of schedules between the hours of 6am-9pm. You will also have the opportunity to work from home after proven success in the role (but need to be within driving distance of the Glendale office as you will commute for approximately the first 6 months). We have several teams who are hiring, in these roles you may: Take inbound calls from Humana Pharmacy members. Answer questions and resolve issues regarding mail order pharmacy inquiries. Interact with doctor's offices and hospitals through inbound and outbound calls. Work from a queue on prescriptions needing additional clarification. Perform data entry of prescriptions, about 40 per hour. Translate and interpret information from scanned prescriptions. Perform detailed and complex drug and dosage calculations. Fill and dispense medications at our mail-order warehouse (4302 W. Buckeye Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85043). Note: our Dispensing Tech positions are located in Phoenix but all interviews will take place at the Glendale open house. Humana offers competitive starting pay and a comprehensive benefits package that begins on your first day and includes 23 days of PTO, paid holidays, a 401K match of 125%, and a variety of health plans to choose from. We also offer unique benefits such as: Volunteer Time Off - a paid day to spend volunteering in the community. Participation in our Working on Well-being program where you can earn additional money for wellness activities. Eligibility for Go365 - a wellness program to improve your health and reward you with gift cards or prizes for healthy behavior. Role Essentials (you must have the following to be considered for a Pharmacy Tech position) Pharmacy Technician or Tech in Training license in Arizona High School diploma or GED 6 months of experience as a Pharmacy Technician OR equivalent experience in a call center (Pharmacy education may be substituted for experience) Strong communication and customer service skills Proficient with Microsoft Office and experience using multiple computer applications simultaneously A positive, proactive attitude, energetic, and highly motivated Must be able to become certified by the Pharmacy Technician Certification Board (PTCB) within 10 months of hire Associates working in the state of Arizona must comply with the Tobacco Free Hiring Policy (see details below under Additional Information) and upon offer will be subjected to nicotine testing as part of a 10 panel drug test Role Desirables Bilingual in Spanish Certified Pharmacy Technician (PTCB) Mail Order Pharmacy experience Experience working with insurance plans and Medicare Additional Information There is no time off available during our peak season from Jan-March. The following policy applies ONLY to associates working in the state of Arizona: Humana is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment and to promoting the health and well-being of its associates. Effective July 1, 2011, Humana has adopted a tobacco-free hiring policy that will promote a healthier workplace and will not hire users of tobacco and nicotine products. If you have any questions, please consult with your recruiter. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 