 Pharmacy Finance Analyst: 179619 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Pharmacy Finance Analyst Assignment: Pharmacy Location: Louisville, KY Humana: Inspired for Life Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Financial World- Use your business knowledge to help analyze and develop policies, procedures and programs supporting our finance initiatives Humana is seeking a Pharmacy Finance Analyst that will perform financial analysis and impact of pharmacy un-collectability. Track and prepare reporting metrics for recoveries. Contact pharmacies regarding outstanding balances owed to Humana via phone and mail. Perform comprehensive review and reconciliation of recovery efforts Query data and perform analysis of pharmacy claims Monitor pharmacy activity for unusual activity spikes compared to history and provide claims data to be reviewed by Audit Work with collection agency to maximize recovery efforts Reconcile reports provided by collection agency to ensure the accuracy with internal records Calculate and apply penalty charges for unpaid pharmacy balances Track large Audit initiatives and assist to maximize recovery efforts Pharmacy Reconciliation Tool: Reporting and testing as needed Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Ability to communicate and articulate ideas clearly and concisely both verbally and in writing Prior financial reporting or data analysis experience Demonstrated experience facilitating conversations with internal and external stakeholders Strong attention to detail Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Office applications to include Excel, Word, Access and multi-dimensional databases Role Desirables Prior experience designing, building and maintaining large datasets and models Previous health insurance industry experience working in a Finance/Accounting department SQL or other programming knowledge and experience Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance Consultant Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 