 PIPC Primary Care Physician of Gastonia, NC: 181268 Primary Location : US-North Carolina-Gastonia Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Primary Care Physician Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Partners in Primary Care (PIPC), we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At PIPC, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our patients, and the healthcare industry as a whole. JOB SUMMARY: The Primary Care Physician (PCP) working in coordination with the other members of the Care Team shall deliver the highest quality healthcare in a population health environment. The PCP will carry a panel of patients and is subject to the standards of care adopted by the Physician Association and the Chief Medical Officer of Partners in Primary Care. As a member of Care Team, the PCP interacts and consults with other team members as it pertains to center activities and best practices in patient care. MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Patient Care Assures personal compliance with licensing, certification, and accrediting bodies. Evaluates and treats center patients in accordance with standards of care. Follows level of medical care and quality for patients and monitors care using available data and chart reviews. Completes all medical record documentation appropriately after each patient encounter or prior to end of shift. Calls patients to ensure their well-being as needed following center visits. Follows policy and protocol defined by VP Medical, Medical Advisory Committee and Chief Medical Officer. Meets with CMD about quality of care, policy, procedure and records issues and to develop best practice medical and process management protocols. Meets with CMD to review outcome data, quality management metrics and other metrics, and assure proficiency in the policies, procedures and care protocols in accordance with PIPC population health model. Participates in potential growth opportunities for new or existing services within the Center. Participates in the local primary care “on-call” program of Partners in Primary Care and Physician Association. Assists in the coordination of patient services, including but not limited to specialty referrals, hospital and SNF coordination, durable medical equipment and home health care. EDUCATION/CREDENTIALS: Licensure requirements of the state of jurisdiction Graduate of accredited MD or DO program of accredited university Board Certification in Family Medicine, Internal Medicine or Geriatric Medicine ACLS Certification preferred JOB RELATED EXPERIENCE: Minimum of two to five years directly applicable experience JOB RELATED SKILLS/COMPETENCIES: Excellent communication skills; written and verbal Demonstrate a high level of skill with interpersonal relationships and communications. Fosters a cooperative and harmonious working climate conducive to maximize employee morale and productivity. Ability to “put patients first” and enjoys treating patients. Superior patient/customer service and “bed side manner” skills. Experience managing Medicare Advantage panel of patients with understanding of Best Practice in coordinated care environment in a value based relationship environment. Displays a professional, approachable and selfless demeanor at all times both external and internal clients. Agrees with, supports and commits to Partners in Primary Care’s core practice standards and Policies and Procedures. Ability to display high degree of inspiration for team members to retain focus of providing highest levels of customer satisfaction. Working knowledge of medical office administration and procedures. Basic computer skills, including email and EMR. Knowledge of Medicare guidelines and coverage. Knowledge of HEDIS quality indicators. Maintain licensure and skills. Maintain board certification. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 