 Principal Data Scientist - Machine Learning &amp; AI Programming: 175670 Primary Location : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Lead Data Scientist - Machine Learning/AI Team: Consumer Analytics &amp; Data Strategy Location: Irving, Texas Are you driven by intellectual curiosity? Do you get excited with insights-driven decision making? Are you motivated to leverage diverse set of analytical techniques from Data Science? Do you believe technology has a critical role to play in the ongoing healthcare industry transformation? Are you proud of coaching and mentoring junior talent to grow next generation of Data Scientists? Are you willing to challenge and be challenged to push &amp; pull an already strong talented organization to even higher standards? We are seeking a Principle Data Scientist able to:1) have absolute fun with the rest of us, 2) develop right analytical solutions from a diverse repertoire of analytical techniques, 3) apply solutions platform-independent (traditional vs. Big Data), 4) mentor junior talent, 5) challenge &amp; be challenged the team and leadership. Expectations: Brutally honest and direct – diplomatically so. Design and develop right analytical solutions from a diverse repertoire of analytical techniques Possess in depth understanding of various machine learning and predictive modeling algorithms Ability to apply solutions platform-independent (traditional vs. Big Data) Have the guts (and also enjoy) to challenge status quo and conventional thinking Feeling deeply accountable of the success and growth of next generation data scientist who work shoulder to shoulder with you Excellent presentation skills ! Need genuine and authentic communication skills, and the ability to effectively delivering crisp messages. Expectations in the first 6-months: Gain in-depth understanding of Humana’s data assets Gain in-depth understanding of Humana’s Big Data capabilities, and assess what infrastructure enhancements need to be done to empower broader Data Scientist community to leverage Big Data technologies in a low-effort way Work hands-on on assigned Data Science project(s) Establish strong connections with business leaders Confidently push and pull leaders and the organization to get to where we should be Within 6-12 months: Deliver on a number of Data Science projects Mentor existing Data Scientist talent Role Essentials: Bachelors and Advanced degree in quantitative field, computer science, applied mathematics, statistics or related field 3+ years of hands-on experience in applying core Machine Learning methodologies: Artificial Neural Networks/ Deep Learning, Support Vector Machines, Matrix Factorization, Natural Language processing, Decision trees, Classification, Clustering, Predictive Analytics, Regression 3+ years of Machine Learning/AI programming experience with Python, Java, C++, Scala, R or similar stack 4+ years of Predictive Analytics experience (inclusive of academic experience) 5+ years of data analytics experience Familiarity with open source machine learning libraries Willingness to learn new technologies and comprehend unfamiliar data domains and new business processes quickly Role Desirables 2+ year of professional experience with big data technologies like Hadoop, Hive, Spark, H2o and others 2+ years of experience mentoring junior-level Associates on team Experience with data visualization platforms like Tableau Relevant certifications Some programming experience with Scala (or any functional programming language) and Apache Spark or similar big data frameworks At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 