 PRN Physical Therapist (Medicare Home Health)- Ft. Myers, FL: 183004 Primary Location : US-FL-Fort Myers Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Part-time Travel : No Role: PRN Physical Therapist (Medicare Home Health) Assignment: Humana at Home Location: Ft. Myers, FL Are you a fit? Senior Bridge Home Health Care is seeking passionate, physical therapists dedicated to delivering the highest quality in-home rehab care by assisting the patients with thier recovery and rehabilitation of acute illnesses or chronic diseases. Assignment Capsule The physical therapist contracted or employed through the Organization is responsible for providing physical therapy services and for adherence to all conditions outlined in the Personnel Services Agreement. Physical Therapy services provided by the physical therapist must be performed within the scope of practice authorized by the license issued by the state of Florida for the practice of physical therapist The Physical Therapist position includes the following: Initiates physical therapy program and instructs other personnel and/or family/caregiver members in certain phases of physical therapy with which they may work with a patient, as well as instructing them as to the goals of the physical therapy program for the patient by participating in case conferences. Provides physical therapy services as prescribed by a physician , physician assistant or advanced registered nurse practitioner , acting within their scope of practice, which can be safely provided in the home and assisting the physician, physician assistant, or advanced registered nurse practitioner in evaluating patients by applying diagnostic and prognostic muscle, nerve, joint and functional abilities test; assessing and evaluating therapeutic/rehabilitative/functional status, Assesses for muscle strength, mobility, gait, ROM—potential for rehab, and participation in the development of the total plan of care. Evaluates home environment. Observes and records activities and findings in the clinical record and report to the physician, physician assistant or advanced nurse practitioner the patient’s reaction to treatment and any changes in patient condition, or when there are deviations from the plan of care; Instructs the patient and caregiver in care and use of physical therapy devices; may train patient in the use of prosthetic device. Instructs other health team personnel including when appropriate, home health aides and caregivers in certain phases of physical therapy with which they may work with the patient. Instructs the caregiver on the patient’s total physical therapy program. Complies with accepted professional standards and principles. Identifies patient and family/caregiver needs for other home health services and refers as necessary; Participates in discharge planning for patient. Prepares and submits a clinical progress summary based on the attainment of goals as directed by Organization policy. Provides physical therapy consultation to home families/caregivers when indicated. Provides inservice education programs for nursing organization personnel as needed. Participates in peer consultation process. Supervises physical therapy assistants according to organization policy and state regulations. When therapy is the only skilled service, instructs, supervises and evaluates home health aide care every two (2) weeks. Key Competencies Builds Trust: Walks the talk; makes choices that are consistent with Humana’s ethical principles; is emotionally intelligent; manages self and relationships effectively, through self-awareness, self-management, awareness of others and skill in dealing with others. Implementation / Execution: Effectively leverages available resources (financial, people, time) to accomplish objectives and maximize return on investment. Makes appropriate decisions in the face of ambiguity. Anticipates and resolves barriers and constraints. Organizes and manages multiple priorities and/or projects using appropriate methodologies and tools. Innovates: Introduces or develops new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. Generates insights through thought leadership. Leverages business intelligence, data, insights, and other research to drive differential value and expand Humana’s capability to compete. Problem Solving: Proactively identifies, evaluates, and solves problems with rigorous logic and a systematic approach; looks beyond the obvious to see root cause issues and creative solutions. Role Essentials Masters Degree in physical therapy; a DPT is preferred; Current license to practice physical therapy; maintains licensure requirements including 24 hours of continuing education biennially. Complies and maintains current CPR certification This role is part of Humana’s Driver safety program and therefore requires an individual to have a valid state driver’s license and proof of personal vehicle liability insurance with at least 100,000/300,000/100,000 limits This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. One year of appropriate experience as a physical therapist. Community/home health experience is preferred. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Sensitivity to cultural diversity and to making accommodation available to provide services to a diverse population; Strong customer services skills; Bi-lingual a plus. Role Desirables Masters Degree in physical therapy; a DPT is preferred Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 