 PRN RN (Medicare Certified Home Health)- Cleveland, Dayton, and Liberty TX: 166816 Primary Location : US-Texas-Houston Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Part-time Travel : No Role: PRN RN (Medicare Home Health)- Houston, TX Assignment: Humana at Home Location: Cleveland, Dayton, and Liberty TX Are you a fit? Humana at Home is seeking passionate, case management professionals and leaders dedicated to delivering the highest quality in-home care management programs to complex chronically ill members enrolled in large health plans and managed care programs. Assignment Capsule As a Field Care Manager you will provide direct care to members and their families according to the established plan of care. As a Field Care Manager you will provide a multidisciplinary approach to care. The Field Care Manager position includes the following: Provides nursing services within the scope of practice authorized by the license issued by the state of Texas for a registered nurse; Completes an initial assessment of patient and family to determine home care needs. Provides a complete physical assessment and history of current and previous illness(es); Serves as case manager in all cases nursing and therapy for which he / she may be conducting assessments and visits; Is responsible for the clinical record for each patient receiving nursing services; Regularly re-evaluates patient nursing needs; Initiates the plan of care and makes necessary revisions as patient status and needs change; Uses health assessment data to determine nursing diagnosis; Develops a care plan, which establishes goals based on nursing diagnosis and incorporates therapeutic, preventive, and rehabilitative nursing actions. Includes the patient and the family in the planning process; Initiates appropriate preventive and rehabilitative nursing procedures. Administers medications and treatments as prescribed by the physician; Counsels the patient and family in meeting nursing and related needs; Provides health care instructions to the patient as appropriate per assessment and plan of care. Identifies discharge planning needs as part of the care plan development and implements prior to discharge of the patient. Acts as Case Manager when assigned by Clinical Supervisor and assumes responsibility to coordinate patient care for assigned caseload. Prepares clinical notes and updates the primary physician when necessary and at least every sixty (60) days; assures that progress reports are made to the physician, physician assistant, or advanced nurse practitioner when the patient’s condition changes or there are deviations from the plan of care; Communicates with the physician regarding the patient’s needs and reports any changes in the patient’s condition; obtains/receives physician’s orders as required. Communicates with community health related persons to coordinate the care plan. Participates in on-call duties as defined by the on-call policy. Ensures that arrangements for equipment and other necessary items and services are available. Instructs, supervises and evaluates home health aide care provided every two (2) weeks. Key Competencies Builds Trust: Walks the talk; makes choices that are consistent with Humana’s ethical principles; is emotionally intelligent; manages self and relationships effectively, through self-awareness, self-management, awareness of others and skill in dealing with others. Implementation / Execution: Effectively leverages available resources (financial, people, time) to accomplish objectives and maximize return on investment. Makes appropriate decisions in the face of ambiguity. Anticipates and resolves barriers and constraints. Organizes and manages multiple priorities and/or projects using appropriate methodologies and tools. Innovates: Introduces or develops new ideas and processes which improve performance and productivity. Generates insights through thought leadership. Leverages business intelligence, data, insights, and other research to drive differential value and expand Humana’s capability to compete. Problem Solving: Proactively identifies, evaluates, and solves problems with rigorous logic and a systematic approach; looks beyond the obvious to see root cause issues and creative solutions. Role Essentials Graduate of an accredited school of nursing. One (1) to two (2) years of recent acute care, certified home health experience in an institutional setting. Current licensure in state of TX and CPR certification. One (1) year of home health care experience preferred. Management experience not required. Responsible for supervising home health aides. Excellent observation, verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, basic math skills; nursing skills per competency checklist. Must be a licensed driver with an automobile that is insured in accordance with state/or organization requirements and is in good working order; Working knowledge of OASIS preferred; Working knowledge of computer systems; Knowledge of regulations and understanding of meeting state and federal requirements for respective services a plus; Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Sensitivity to cultural diversity and to making accommodation available to provide services to a diverse population; Ability to work well under pressure; critical thinker; Bi-lingual a plus Role Desirables Oasis Certification Bachelor's Degree Interview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 