 Project Manager - Consumer Marketing &amp; Data Analytics: 182172 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Project Manager - Consumer Marketing &amp; Data Analytics Assignment:Consumer Data and Analytics Center of Excellence Location:Louisville,KY Are you ready to create something different that will positively affect the healthcare industry in a noble and purposeful way? Here, at Humana’s Consumer Data &amp; Analytics Center of Excellence, we are poised to do just that. Representing a fundamentally different approach to marketing in the healthcare industry,Humana’s Consumer Data &amp; Analytics Center of Excellence is part of a data-driven marketing team that incorporates branding, campaign management, marketing metrics, marketing analytics, technology management, change management andfinance. The team is building a collaborative learning environment with an emphasis on measuring marketing return on investment, maximizing marketing impact in a business-to-consumer environment, the optimization of internet marketing, best practices for customer lifecycle management and state-of-the-art segmentation techniques. AssignmentCapsule Humana is seeking a Project Manager to be responsible for initiating, formulating, and delivering on projects which are fundamental to the success of　the team's business strategy.The Project Manager supports Humana's leading business position by building, designing, planning and executing innovative projects in a dynamic environment. The Project Manager will provide leadership and guidance to team members, anticipating constraints and properly allocating resources to produce high-performing results in a cost-efficient manner. Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree Prior experience working in a consumer centric company leading projects and/or developing processes or programs is essential to this role Experience solving problems, creating solutions and driving change within a team Prior demonstrated capability leading teams in a cross functional environment Progressive business and financial analytics experience with a focus on marketing and execution strategies Role Desirables Master’s Degree of Business Administration Naturally curious, comfortable with ambiguity, and building out processes Work experience in a health care and / or Insurance setting Project Management certification – PMP, PMI, etc. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 