 Provider Recruiting &amp; Analytics Leader - Dental: 181833 Primary Location : US-WI-Green Bay Other Locations : US-IN-Indianapolis, US-GA-Atlanta, US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Role: Provider Contracting / Provider Administration Manager Marketing Title: Provider Recruiting &amp; Analytics Manager – Dental Assignment: Network Development &amp; Relations Location: In Office is highly preferred: Green Bay, WI; Louisville, KY; or WAH any location Assignment Capsule Be part of the Dental Provider Network team at Humana where you will help analyze, build, and maintain a competitive network for our members. As a Dental Provider Administration Manager you will be responsible for two primary functions: (1) network analytics and (2) direct provider recruiting &amp; contracting. Network analytics will inform and shape our network strategy and create new ways to interact and contract with providers. Direct provider recruiting will involve interactions directly with potential dental providers. You will help implement a best-in-class contract experience for Humana’s providers. Develop analytics and reporting to improve dental network and provider understanding. Strategically manage provider contracts, sharing Humana’s value proposition through frequent contact and education and proactively administering the relationship process. Create innovative partnerships with providers through excellence in data analytics and provider relationships. Develop relationships with sales leaders to create market-based strategic plan to maximize dental network effectiveness Contribute to the training and development of other associates in the Provider Contracting area. Lead team of contracting representatives, consultants, and data analysts. Manage multiple projects, collect and analyze data and disseminate to appropriate departments as necessary. Develop trends and insights from provider data to drive recommendations and improvements Understand and improve provider data &amp; reporting Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or a related field or 3+ years prior demonstrated success in provider contracting, provider relations, or data analytics Experience with analytical software (i.e. Excel or Access) for reporting Demonstrated project management experience Ability to lead cross-functional team Proficiency in analyzing, understanding, and communicating financial trends Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business Administration or a related field Prior experience in a management role Experience with analytical software Reporting Relationships You will have 7-10 direct reports, and you will report to a Director of Specialty Network &amp; Underwriting. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 