 Provider Payment Integrity Clinical Operations Consultant: 182215 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Provider Payment Integrity Clinical Operations Consultant Assignment: Provider Payment Integrity Clinical Operations Location: Kentucky Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule As a Provider Network Operations consultant you will: provide strategic leadership and consultation services for the PNO area. You will complete analyses and prepare disclosure materials while interacting and building partnerships with Humana's code editing, communications, and information technology teams and with external vendors. Lead and expand the PPI Clinical Auditing area’s ability to receive and use electronic medical records (EMRs) Partner with multiple business areas to achieve EMR-related project goals Triage projects based on urgency, utilizing your knowledge to ensure escalation when necessary Assist external vendors, internal PPI teams, and Humana market offices with questions related to electronic medical records Provide project updates and EMR data reports to Senior Leadership Role Essentials Bachelor’s Degree in Business or a related field Experience in leading projects with multiple moving pieces Proven ability to handle multiple projects at once while meeting deadlines Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business, Finance or related field PMP certification Experience with medical records and electronic medical records systems TOAD and/or SQL querying knowledge Reporting Relationships You will report to a Director. This area is under the direction of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 