 RN- Home Care Branch Manager- Fort Meyers, FL: 183196 Primary Location : US-FL-Fort Myers Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: RN Home Care -Branch Manager Assignment: Humana at Home - SeniorBridge Location: Fort Meyers, FL Assignment Capsule: The Branch Manager, is responsible for the overall direction of home health clinical services, including the professional nursing, therapies and home health aide delivery of services. The Branch Manager also establishes implements and evaluates goals and objectives for home health services that meet and promote the standards of quality and contribute to the total organization and philosophy. The position is responsible for ensuring quality and appropriateness of service to all clients, and for maintaining a high level of client satisfaction. The position will be knowledgeable and compliant with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations to which the Agency may be subject. If an Agency has less than 10 full time equivalent employees, the Branch Manager may also serve as the Administrator. The Branch Manager serves as the Alternate Administrator in the absence of the Administrator. The Branch Manager position includes the following; Ensures clinical competence/excellence; Ensures that professional standards of community nursing practice are maintained by all nurses providing care; Employs, orients, supervised and evaluates, either directly or through qualified subordinates, all professional and paraprofessional staff who provide direct patient care; Coordinates either directly or through qualified subordinates, patient care services with all Agency staff providing direct care and other providers of patient care to ensure efficient communication/service and avoid duplication of service/care Establish or adopt policies/procedures for, and keep records of criteria for admission to services, case assignments and case management; establishes policies for bio-medical waste; and consistent with the CDC and OSHA guidelines for safety, universal precautions and infection control procedures; maintains and adheres to agency procedure and patient care policy manual; Establish a process to verify that skilled nursing and personal care services were provided; when requested by an AHCA employee. Incorporate into on-going performance improvement activities; Responsible for maintain Professional/Paraprofessional productivity and margins within budget goals; Ensures that all referrals for services are documented as ordered by a physician and have the appropriate professional and/or physician signature and dates; Ensures that all Medicare services met the face to face requirements and that a signed and dated face to face document is on file in Medicare recipient’s clinical records; Ensures that services are based on an accurate assessment and reflect the results of the assessment; Monitors patient services against HHRG scores to ensure appropriate level and frequency of services; Ensures multi discipline assessments are timely and recorded in the system to ensure that physician orders are mailed timely and OASIS data is transmitted timely. Monitors physician orders (plans of treatment and verbal orders) for timely receipt of signed and dates orders. Ensures therapy assessments are timely and accurate; Ensures client adheres to discharge plan and monitors client for key issues to avoid re-hospitalization; Adhering to physician follow-up appointments, understanding signs and symptoms of disease exacerbation, medication compliance and social and economic issues that may impact compliance. Coordinates post home health discharge plans with long term care management as appropriate Provides Administrator with feedback on adequacy of staffing levels to meet Agency’s needs; Establishes and conducts an on-going Quality Assurance Performance Improvement Program that meets quarterly and includes clinical review of both active and discharged patients; Participates in marketing and community education activities and provide feedback to the administrator; Adheres to all policies, procedures and standards set forth by the company, state and federal regulations Anticipates, identifies and reports in a timely manner on areas of potential risk; and plans their resolution or prevention. Consults with Administrator and Corporate Leadership staff as appropriate; Establishes a customer service oriented culture, serves as a role model and sets high standard of performance; Ensures on-call is staffed and participates in on-call rotations, if indicated; Assists the Executive Director/Administrator in the preparation and administration of organization’s budget. Responsible for the maintenance of adequate and appropriate inventory supplies and equipment for the provision of patient services. Plans and implements inservice and continuing education programs to meet education and training needs of organization personnel. Performs any other activities as directed by the Agency. Must Have: Licensed Registered Nurse in the state of Florida with no disciplinary action. One year of recent clinical management experience and/or supervisory experience in home health care or community based long term care services that meets individual state requirements. Must be a licensed driver with an automobile that is insured in accordance with state/or organization requirements and is in good working order. ACHA Level II Background clearance. This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. Current CPR certification. Solid community and professional reputation. Knowledge of community based long term care services and methods of delivery Knowledge of Medicaid and Medicare home care services parameters; Knowledge of regulations and understanding of meeting state and federal requirements for respective services; Knowledge of Home Health Accreditation Knowledge of quality assurance and quality improvement models, data collection, methods, analysis and reports Evidence of leadership skills to ensure high quality, appropriate service delivery; Sensitivity to cultural diversity and to making accommodation available to provide services to a diverse population Enthusiastic, positive thinker; An effective communicator; A collaborator with team-based approach to client care; Ability to work well under pressure; critical thinker Strong customer service skills; Role Desirables Bachelors Degree in Nursing (BSN) with no disciplinary action Bilingual (writes, speaks, converse fluently in Spanish and English) Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 