 RN or MSW - Home Visit Field Care Manager - Stark County, Ohio: 169951 Primary Location : US-OH-Canton Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 75 % of the Time Role: Home Visit Field Care Manager Assignment: Humana At Home/OH Demo Location: Stark County, OH – Work from Home Humana At Home’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana At home’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Clinical Space–engage our members and guide them to develop lifelong wellbeing and health. As a Humana At Home Field Care Manager you will visit our members in their home and use a compliment of instruments that will help you identify gaps in care and implement strategies. You will guide and facilitate interaction with resources appropriate for their care and well-being. You work in collaboration with a multi-disciplinary team, employing a variety of strategies, approaches and techniques to enable each member to manage their physical, environmental and psycho-social health issues. Other responsibilities include: Evaluate member needs and implement appropriate interventions with Humana At Home members participants in their place of residence (Home, Assisted Living or Long Term Care Facility) Complete physical, psychological, emotional and environmental reviews of your assigned members in order to provide appropriate, timely interventions to optimize care Develop plan of action with your assigned member based on identified needs and recommend and/or coordinate interventions that may include information, education, resources and referrals Work collaboratively with all staff to ensure appropriate intervention implementation with advocacy organizations and healthcare facilities Manage and maintain all assessment data in appropriate software applications Comply with all reporting requirements as defined by Humana At Home Conduct ongoing face to face outreach to Humana At Home members participating in Humana At Home's Chronic Care Program Coordinate community care and services as deemed appropriate Act as a member’s advocate and liaison by completing or facilitating face to face or telephonic with providers as well as private, non-profit, and governmental agencies, and the Humana At Home multi-disciplinary team Understand clinical program design, implementation, and management, monitoring, and reporting Visit member’s residence within a 30 to 40 miles radius of your zip code weekly Comply with performance and reporting standards established to help us achieve our purpose Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Employs focus, attention to detail, reliability, and appropriate prioritization to drive outcomes. Sees opportunities to contribute and takes the initiative to create solutions. Builds Trust: Consistently models and inspires high levels of integrity in decisions, speech, and actions. Lives up to commitments, taking responsibility for the impact of one’s actions. Exercises the courage to prioritize principles and values over personal or professional gain. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Develops and applies deep customer knowledge and intimacy to develop and deliver products, services, and interactions that provide value beyond expectations. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver and optimal customer experience. Executes for Results: Effectively leverages resources to create exceptional outcomes. Determines the best course of action when facing ambiguity. Anticipates and constructively resolves barriers and constraints. Embraces change, applies new knowledge and reconfigures quickly to capitalize on opportunities. Role Essentials 2 years of experience of in home case/care management RN with a valid nursing license or MSW Experience working with the adult population Knowledge of community health and social service agencies and additional community resources Ability to travel to member’s residence within 30 to 40 miles Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to quickly build rapport Ability to work with minimal supervision within the role and scope Ability to use a variety of electronic information applications/software programs including electronic medical records Intermediate to Advanced computer skills and experience with Microsoft Word, Outlook, and Excel Excellent keyboard and web navigation skills Ability to work a full-time (40 hours minimum) flexible work schedule Possession of valid state driver’s license and access to an automobile Must have a separate room with a locked door that can be used as a home office to ensure continuous privacy while you work Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or Cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed for optimal performance from Humana At Home's systems if 5Mx1M. This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana At Home’s Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. Valid driver’s license, car insurance, and access to an automobile MUST LIVE in Stark County Role Desirables 5+ years of in home assessment and care coordination experience Experience with health promotion, coaching and wellness Previous managed care experience Bilingual – English, Spanish Certification in Case Management Motivational Interviewing Certification and/or knowledge Reporting Relationships You will be in the Humana At Home division under the direction of a specified State Manager. Additional Information Nurses and Masters of Social Work have the skill set to be successful in this role. Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana At Home has the right opportunity for you. Apply now, or join our Talent Network so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening at Humana At Home. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. 