 RN or LPN-Quality Improvement Nurse - Orlando, FL: 183357 Primary Location : US-FL-Altamonte Springs Other Locations : US-FL-Tampa Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 75 % of the Time Role: RN or LPN Quality Improvement Nurse Assignment: Medicare Location: Field and Work-at-home - Orlando, FL Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule The Quality Improvement Nurse will facilitate and work collaboratively with provider groups focused on Senior Products to guide recommend and develop practice specific strategies designed to improve all aspects of quality. This will be a market facing position, working from home traveling to provider offices on a regular and ongoing basis in an assigned market territory to go over reports to address and to close gaps in care based principally on HEDIS data. This position requires mostly local travel in their assigned territory estimated to be at least 75% of the time. There will also be required attendance for internal meetings and training on an interval basis as determined necessary by their supervisors Effectively develop, enhance and maintain provider clinical relationship across product lines Deliver provider/member-specific metrics reports and coach providers on gap closing opportunities for Humana members Successfully promote practice-patients’ participation in clinical programs - providing information on participation, Clinical Program availability/descriptions and facilitating members with program engagement Accurately define gaps in Humana’s service relationship with providers and facilitate resolution Identify specific practice needs (e.g. use of most efficient interaction channel) to providing support Review medical records and identify needed improvements that impact HEDIS measures or coding (i.e. identify deficiencies in data capture, use SQR to identify information and provide guidance to practice) Role Essentials Experienced clinical background as RN or LPN Active RN or LPN license in FL with no restrictions 2 years minimum clinical experience preferably in an acute care, skilled or rehabilitation clinical setting Strong organizational and prioritization skills with ability to collaborate with multiple departments Detail oriented and comfortable working with tight deadlines in a fast paced environment Excellent PC skills (including MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint) Ability to work independently under general instructions, self-directed and motivated Valid drivers license and/or dependable transportation necessary (variable by region). This position requires local travel in Orlando, FL area. This role is considered patient facing and is part of Humana's Tuberculosis (TB) screening program. If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. Role Desirables Previous experience Quality Improvement and processes Knowledge of Provider Rewards and MRA coding Strong knowledge of HEDIS/Stars/CMS Previous health plan operations experience Managed care experience Previous utilization management, hospital or physician office practice experience Strong analytical skills and ability to use data to drive improvement activities Reporting Relationships You will report to a Quality Improvement Director. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer. Additional Information Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the nation's largest publicly traded health benefits companies. Humana offers a diversified portfolio of health insurance products and related services - through traditional and consumer-choice plans - to employer groups, government-sponsored plans, and individuals. Today, Humana is a leader in consumer engagement. Throughout its diversified customer portfolio, the company provides guidance that can both help lower costs and lead to a better health plan experience. 