 RN- PRN -Home Care Nurse- Dallas/Rowlett, TX: 181908 Primary Location : US-Texas-Richardson Other Locations : US-Texas-Irving Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Part-time Travel : Yes, 75 % of the Time Role: RN- PRN – Home Care Nurse Assignment: Humana at Home Location: Rowlett, TX Are you a fit? Humana Cares/Senior Bridge Care Management is seeking passionate, Home Care Nurse professional and leaders dedicated to delivering the highest quality in-home care management programs to complex chronically ill members enrolled in large health plans and managed care programs. Assignment Capsule As a Home Care Nurse you will provide direct care to members and their families according to the established plan of care. As Home Care Nurse you will provide a multidisciplinary approach to care. The Home Care Nurse position includes the following: Provides nursing services within the scope of practice authorized by the license issued by the state of Florida for a registered nurse; Completes an initial assessment of patient and family to determine home care needs. Provides a complete physical assessment and history of current and previous illness(es); Serves as case manager in all cases nursing and therapy for which he / she may be conducting assessments and visits; Is responsible for the clinical record for each patient receiving nursing services; Regularly re-evaluates patient nursing needs; Initiates the plan of care and makes necessary revisions as patient status and needs change; Uses health assessment data to determine nursing diagnosis; Develops a care plan, which establishes goals based on nursing diagnosis and incorporates therapeutic, preventive, and rehabilitative nursing actions. Includes the patient and the family in the planning process; Initiates appropriate preventive and rehabilitative nursing procedures. Administers medications and treatments as prescribed by the physician; Counsels the patient and family in meeting nursing and related needs; Provides health care instructions to the patient as appropriate per assessment and plan of care. Identifies discharge planning needs as part of the care plan development and implements prior to discharge of the patient. Acts as Case Manager when assigned by Clinical Supervisor and assumes responsibility to coordinate patient care for assigned caseload. Prepares clinical notes and updates the primary physician when necessary and at least every sixty (60) days; assures that progress reports are made to the physician, physician assistant, or advanced nurse practitioner when the patient’s condition changes or there are deviations from the plan of care; Communicates with the physician regarding the patient’s needs and reports any changes in the patient’s condition; obtains/receives physician’s orders as required. Communicates with community health related persons to coordinate the care plan. Participates in on-call duties as defined by the on-call policy. Ensures that arrangements for equipment and other necessary items and services are available. Instructs, supervises and evaluates home health aide care provided every two (2) weeks. Must Have: Graduate of an accredited school of nursing. One (1) to two (2) years of recent acute care, certified home health experience in an institutional setting. Current licensure in state and CPR certification. One (1) year of home health care experience Management experience not required. Responsible for supervising home health aides. One year of Teaching/Administering IV’S. Excellent observation, verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, basic math skills; nursing skills per competency checklist. This role is a part of Humana’s Drivers safety program and therefore requires an individual to have a valid state driver’s license and proof of personal vehicle liability insurance with at least 100.000/300,000/100,000 limits. Working knowledge of OASIS preferred; Working knowledge of computer systems; Knowledge of regulations and understanding of meeting state and federal requirements for respective services a plus; Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Sensitivity to cultural diversity and to making accommodation available to provide services to a diverse population; Ability to work well under pressure; critical thinker; Bi-lingual a plus Role Desirables Oasis Certification Bachelor's Degree At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 