 RN Quality Improvement Nurse - Dade/Broward county, FL: 182421 Primary Location : US-FL-Miami Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 75 % of the Time Role: RN Quality Improvement Assignment: Medicare/HEDIS Location: Dade/Broward County, FL Do you enjoy the beautiful Florida scenery? This role involves 75% travel throughout the area to visit with providers for discussions regarding quality measures. The hours of this role are Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm est Assignment Capsule: The Quality Improvement Nurse will facilitate and work collaboratively with provider groups focused on Medicare Senior Products, and Medicaid plans to guide, recommend and develop practice specific strategies designed to improve all aspects of quality, cost and documentation. This role requires regular travel within an assigned territory and the surrounding area. You must be local to this area. Review medical records and identify needed improvements that impact HEDIS measures or coding (i.e. identify deficiencies in data capture, use SQR to identify information and provide guidance to practice) Deliver provider/member-specific metrics around profit and loss and coach providers on gap closing opportunities for Humana members Facilitate regular Provider Engagement Strategy team meetings with ability to prioritize and interpret data through the use of strong analytical skills Successfully promote practice-patients’ participation in clinical programs - providing information on participation, Clinical Program availability/descriptions and facilitating members with program engagement Accurately define gaps in Humana’s service relationship with providers and facilitate resolution Role Essentials Experienced clinical background as RN Strong analytic skills and ability to use data to drive improvement activities Previous quality or process improvement experience in a hospital or physician office practice Strong business skills, including sales and marketing objectives Detail orientated and comfortable working with tight deadlines in a fast paced environment Ability to work independently under general instructions, self-directed and motivated Excellent PC skills Travel with reliable transportation If selected for this role, you will be required to be screened for TB. Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or Cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed Role Desirables Knowledge of HEDIS/Stars/CMS/Quality Knowledge of Provider Rewards and MRA Coding Previous clinical or health plan operations experience MSN/MBA/BSN or Bachelor’s degree in a related field. Prior Medicare or Medicaid experience. Additional Information As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isn’t missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 