 Sales Director- South Texas Market: 182275 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 25 % of the Time Role: Sales Director Assignment: Sales Location: San Antonio, TX Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule The Sales Director leads the execution of a market’s sales and retention strategies/activities to achieve goals for the 2+ PODs for all products and solutions. They assist the ARM, as needed, to develop engagement and enrollment strategies that aligned to, and support, market and regional priorities. They translate strategies from their Market Vice President (MVP) into actionable tasks for execution. They are responsible for 2+ POD sales, retention, and cross-sales performance. They oversee sales and retention capabilities of the team, managing resources, and supports relationships with key clients and brokers/consultants in the market. The Sales Director provides ARM development through training, coaching, monitoring performance, conducting ‘ride alongs’ during client and broker interactions. The Sales Director shares market data and information with their MVP to assist in strategy development. They monitor performance against the strategy and make adjustments based on current data and information. Major Responsibilities Content assumes all lines of business unless otherwise noted. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Strategy Development and Execution Develop engagement strategies in collaboration with the ARM Monitor performance against engagement strategies, make adjustments to meet sales goals Coordinate with the Wellness organization to understand health and wellness solutions and integrate the CEC into the sales strategy Ensure timely and accurate reporting by the sales staff in Spectrum for sales funnel reporting and use with strategic plans Sales and retention execution Focused on sales and retention effectiveness to exceed sales and growth goals Direct reporting responsibility of the Agency Relationship Manager, Inside Sales Executive (if locally based), Oversees referral activity from the ARM to other sales and retention resources Coordinates management and strategic alignment with NSO leadership to assure POD efficiency Responsible for broker hierarchy management between Pods Sales and retention effectiveness Accountable to improve the effectiveness and execution of the sales associates and supporting sales processes to increase close ratios, quote volumes, products per customer, etc. Responsible to conduct broker meetings, ride-a-longs, pre and post-call management sessions to improve sales executive performance Coaching and training of sales resources on delivering The Humana Story and the use of analytics to drive consistency in sales messaging and results Human capital Supports increased focus on human capital development, standardized sales and sales management processes Responsible for recruiting and hiring of POD resources Essential Competencies Sales and Account Management Business Planning Customer Value Chain, Competitive Intelligence, Humana Business Model Humana Brands, Products, Services Builds Human Capital Champions the Customer Implementation / Execution Role Essentials Prior demonstrated leadership leading the strategies and decision making for a sales team Strong relationship building skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Role Desirables Bachelor’s degree Demonstrated sales and account management experience in the health solutions industry Knowledge of Humana’s internal policies, procedures and systems At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 