 Schedulers/Callers: 180628 Primary Location : US-FL-Deerfield Beach Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Clinical Innovations Specialist Assignment: Location: Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule Be a part of our Clinical Space- Provide guidance to facilitate interaction or services that connect people with lifelong well-being. As a Clinical Innovations Specialist you will contribute to the success of Humana’s business strategy by collecting broad based information and gathering resources and data in order to arm the team with the tools necessary to enhance consumer engagement, choice, and trust. Make outbound calls to engage members and/or providers to verify clinical information Document all calls and attach clinical information received Create and send out written correspondence Role Essentials High School Diploma Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications, including Word and Excel Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Working knowledge of computers, or a demonstrated technical aptitude and an ability to quickly learn new systems Role Desirables Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or a related field Familiarity with medical terminology and/or ICD-9 codes Reporting Relationships You will report to a Front Line Leader. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 