 Senior Medical Records Specialist: 178192 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Senior Medical Records Review Specialist Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Forum III Office - Louisville, KY Perform medical record content analysis to ensure compliance with requirements of the TRICARE contract. Prepare, scan, and stage for final distribution all medical records received into the Medical Record Review Department. Our Department of Defense contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Analyze content of medical records to ensure compliance with TRICARE contractual requirements for timeliness and documentation. Request medical records, enter information into database, and send follow-up letter to facility if records not received. Open, date stamp mail and distribute to appropriate department associate. Prepare, scan, and perform review of scanned medical records to ensure that a quality reproduction has been made. Distribute the medical records appropriately through the Department according to government contract requirement or appropriate requestee including in the TriCare Quality Monitoring Committee (TQMC). Complete payment voucher and send to finance for processing; maintain file by hospital and copy service. File medical records according to government contract requirements. Role Essentials: 1 year of medical records analysis experience High School diploma Excellent written and oral skill Computer skills/experience Must be able to lift at least 45 lb boxes Familiarity with standards of practice for medical record documentation Attention to detail and deadline driven Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Role Desirables: Microsoft Access and Excel Applications Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 