 Software Engineering Productivity Lead (Continuous Improvement/Process Engineer): 182147 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Other Locations : US Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Software Engineering Productivity Lead Assignment: Technology Location: Louisville, KY Humana is looking for associates dedicated to service, and who believe in following the golden rule: treat others the way you want to be treated. Humana was founded on this basic premise of how people should be treated, and this value is very much alive in our expectations for providing our customers with perfect service today. At Humana, Perfect Service means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on their needs, and actively engaging with our members. Our associates engage with members through every step of their road to wellness; whether it’s through direct interaction or their efforts behind the scenes. Humana associates provide Perfect Service every day to our members, employers, providers and colleagues. Assignment Capsule We are looking for an individual to lead our Software Engineering Productivity Initiative. This individual would be responsible for: Developing techniques for tracking and reporting on software engineering productivity Using Lean process, Six Sigma, Value Stream Mapping, value engineering, statistical analysis, process flow analysis and other techniques and tools to measure and identify productivity improvement opportunities Analyzing processes, workflows and inter team dependencies using data centric approaches to deliver improvements in quality, performance and cost Combining various metrics and data sets that are, or may be, indicators of productivity and using data visualization and other techniques to report on and identify items that are highly correlated to productivity Mentoring peers and establishing a culture of continuous improvement across the engineering organization Key Responsibilities: Develop a software engineering productivity tracking process and reporting method Increase the individual engineers and engineering teams time spent in development related activities Utilize the tools and techniques of Lean process, Six Sigma, Value stream mapping and others to deliver productivity, quality and cost improvements. Evaluate current processes, map them out and identify opportunities for improvement and standardizing operating procedures that will speed delivery, simplify processes, improve quality and improve results. Reduce process variation Evaluate opportunities to implement techniques in order to reduce errors / defects, improve process consistency, and reduce rework. Work with peers in other areas of IT such as Service Assurance and Infrastructure to implement, integrate and optimize workflow systems to improve productivity with a focus on eliminating, simplifying and automating processes where possible while maintaining a quality driven culture and environment Communicate and propagate improvements and best practices Develop intentional action plans to achieve productivity improvement objectives Ensure improvement plans are completed on time and measure attained results against the objectives Qualifications: Education/Certification: Bachelor’s degree in a relevant Software Development, Engineering, Technology discipline or equivalent Required Knowledge: Continuous Improvement or Process Engineering experience with the ability to analyze data, present improvement opportunities and measure and report on the before and after results. Experience Required: 5+ years of progressive experience leading continuous improvement efforts, evaluating existing systems and implementing process improvements. Experience managing, tracking and reporting on productivity / cost savings programs and delivering on productivity / savings targets Demonstrated ability to use Lean, Six Sigma or related tools to drive organization effectiveness. Previous experience working with (preferably leading) a software development organization Demonstrated strong analytical, project management, team leadership, process, and influencing / conflict management skills. Experience that would be Helpful but not Required: Previous project management or delivery lead experience is a plus. Six Sigma Black Belt and/or Lean Expert Certification is a plus Previous experience in accounting or finance a plus. Skills/Abilities: Strong collaboration, influence, and change management skills Must be a results-oriented "change agent" who can understand different points of view and effectively manage the big-picture as well as tactical execution. Effectively communicate at various levels of the organization Able to prioritize projects / work and manage multiple work streams at once. Well organized. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills. Solid leadership abilities. Reporting Relationships You will report to an IT Director. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 