 Sr. Analyst, Health Services - South FL: 182424 Primary Location : US-FL-Tampa Other Locations : US-FL-Orlando, US-FL-Jacksonville Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Sr. Analyst Assignment: Health Services/Medicare Location: South FL The work days for this role are Mon-Fri, the hours are tentatively 8am-5pm but will be flexible based on reporting needs of the business. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Senior Analyst who will collect multi-faceted data, analyze the information and make recommendations which drive decision making. Work with IT to enhance warehouse data content, define business areas for all clinical programs and develop new applications for more automated reporting. Work with the clinical areas to develop more automated reports for customer reporting and operational reporting. Use MS Access and SQL Server to create databases for data extraction. Create presentations using Powerpoint and Excel Role Essentials Prior experience creating reports and manipulating data in SQL Server and MS Access Must be able to analyze reports, proven experience identifying trends Experience with SRSS and all MS Office suite applications Excellent organizational and communication skills, specifically pertaining to presentation of report findings and recommendations to Leaders. High speed Internet required for this role equal to 10Mx1M Role Desirables Experience in managed care or health care administration. Reporting Relationships You will report to a Clinical Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operations Officer. Additional Information As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using a technology called Montage Voice which allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you about your relevant experience. If you are selected for a phone screen you will receive an email inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. During this call you will be asked a set of questions pertaining to this particular role and you will provide recorded responses. The entire process takes about 15-20 minutes and can be done at your convenience. Your responses will be reviewed and you will be informed if you were selected for an in person or video interview, depending on your location. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 