 Strategic Consultant Risk Adjustment - Medicare Performance: 181087 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Role: Strategic Consultant Risk Adjustment - Medicare Performance Assignment: Medicare Risk Adjustment Education Team Location: Louisville, KY Humana needs your analytical skills to help us tell a compelling story about healthcare today. Through the strategic interpretation of data, we provide our consumers with meaningful insights about the choices they make and help them lead their best lives. We’re passionate about combining and analyzing diverse types of data to extract new, actionable discoveries about our members and their health-related behaviors. We encourage you to dive into your passion for data and use analysis to help Humana tell the health-and-wellness stories of our members. We’re looking for driven, innovative people who are interested in using their data-mining and analytical skills to help our consumers achieve lifelong well-being and help Humana make lasting, positive changes in the healthcare industry. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Medicare Risk Adjustment Education Team. Humana is seeking a Strategic Consultant to oversee our Medicare Risk Adjustment performance by evaluating past trends, and helping to plan future strategies. Using discipline and expertise to influence, this associate will lead and educate people and groups in order to optimize Market Operations results. Responsibilities: Work with the finance department in setting Medicare bids Identify potential problems and create proactive programs to alleviate impact. Educate market MRA directors on corporate strategies and initiatives Represent MRA Education team at executive level market meetings in lieu of leaders when necessary Serve as a strategic consultant to internal clients by analyzing each situation; and recognizing and identifying opportunities for marketing to contribute to the development of corporate and market programs. Possess a deep understanding of MRA opportunities and strategic vision to plan for growth and reduce risk,. Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same. Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Customer Focus: Connects meaningfully with customers to build emotional engagement and customer advocacy. Simplifies complexity and integrates internal efforts to deliver an optimal customer experience. Acts Strategically: Makes decisions and sets strategy based on the long-term vision, uses an enterprise-wide perspective to translate strategies into actions, inspires others to embrace and advance the strategy, and creates a clear view of the future state. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Leads Change: Guides and energizes others, models adaptability, and inspires strong organizational performance through periods of transformation, ambiguity, and complexity. Qualifications Knowledge of Risk Adjustment Medicare Expertise Understanding of the Claims/Reconciliation process High Level Consultative Skills Strong organizational and project management skills Strategic thinking and planning capabilities Strong sense of accountability Excellent written and verbal communication skills Solid collaboration skills Enthusiasm and motivation essential; a confident change-agent; strong selling skills (oral and written) Ability to see the big picture Willingness to manage and prioritize diverse projects Reporting Relationships You will report to a Director of Senior Products – Medicare Risk Adjustment Education. Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 