 Strategic Consultant - Self-Funded Capabilities: 180488 Primary Location : US-WI-Green Bay Other Locations : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Role: Strategic Consultant – Self-Funded Capabilities Assignment: Product Strategy and Management Location: Any Humana location or Work at Home Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Strategic Consultant who will oversee the strategies, end-to-end processes and outcomes to optimize results within our self-funded business. • Responsible for understanding the end-to-end infrastructure, processes, ideation, innovation, and competitiveness of the self-funded solutions. • Understands self-funded business in areas of administration, pricing structure, customer experience, claims and clinical practices, and financial capabilities such as banking arrangements, recoveries, and settlements. • Demonstrates an understanding of product and makes recommendations to be more successful. • Oversees research, leverages competitive intelligence, and monitors market trends to identify gaps or competitive disadvantages, as well as customer opportunities. • Oversees key projects, data analytics, and evaluation of product line. Prioritizes projects based on business goals and communicates action plan to leadership team and impacted areas. • Collaborates with internal and external business partners – Operations, Marketing, Underwriting, Actuarial, Sales, Agents, Consultants, Customers. Role Essentials • Strategic, innovative, and analytical with the ability to creatively problem solve. • Acumen in fundamentals of self funded insurance programs • Collaborative and demonstrates the ability to lead and deliver results in a matrix organization. • Able to make decisions and execute for optimal outcome. • Prioritize key initiatives and stay the course while dealing with day-to-day barriers. Role Desirables • Prior experience in self-funded business administration or sales • Knowledge of Humana internal policies, procedures and systems Reporting Relationships You will report to the VP of Product. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 