 Supervisor Personal Nurse: 182736 Primary Location : US-Texas-San Antonio Work Environment Type: Office, Virtual/Work At Home Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Supervisor, Personal Nurse Assignment: Humana Government Business Location: Work At Home Nationwide ROLE SUMMARY The Personal Nurse Supervisor will be a member of HGB’s Integrated Care Team (ICT) encompassing Case Management, Disease Management and the Personal Nurse Program; providing comprehensive, holistic approach for care management through the continuum of care. The Personal Nurse Supervisor will provide operational oversight of the Personal Nurses and Engagement Specialists that are part of their team as they provide care for beneficiaries who are enrolled in the Personal Nurse program to address clinical conditions identified through Predictive Analytics and those important to the beneficiary. This role will work with ICT leadership to ensure maximum quality, benefits and effectiveness of ICT activities for beneficiaries. The Supervisor will coordinate, assess and monitor performance standards of Personal Nurses and Engagement Specialists on the ICT, driving action based on trends, performance metrics and reporting. Oversee the Home Infusion program, ensuring all requests are processed within contract standards. Keep the ICT Manager apprised of progress and issues within the Personal Nurse program, the Home Infusion program and the Post Discharge Call program. Ensure compliance with all ICT, Home Infusion, and Post Discharge Call Program policies, procedures and processes to maintain contract standards; collects and analyzes individual and team data to determine operational efficiency and effectiveness. Coordinate with other members of the ICT for all activities within the medical spectrum including Humana Behavioral Health case management on cases with dual diagnosis. Coordinate with other members of the ICT as needed, in addition to MTF UM/CM staff, physicians, and providers as necessary. Work with other managers and directors within HGB, TRO and DHA to quickly resolve any issues and ensure collaboration and coordination with other care management programs, including Humana at Home and End of Life services. Performs all duties within the scope of his/her licensure Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Role overview · Provide oversight and coordination of Personal Nurse activities within their team to include clinical, administrative, and legal components of the Personal Nurse program. Prioritizes caseloads/assignments among the Personal Nurses on the team to optimize all available resources and will assist with case load if necessary. Verifies all contractual standards are met or exceeded (referrals / auths, home infusion, PDC, etc) and maintains coverage for situations including contingencies. Ensures team metrics and individual PN performance meet established standards; realigning workload or providing coaching / mentoring activities to maintain or exceed operational goals. Coordinate and collaborate with other members of the ICT or external programs to ensure a fully integrated care plan addressing all beneficiary needs and conditions; documenting interventions and outcomes for beneficiaries within the Personal Nurse program and the ICT team. · Ensures Manager of the ICT receives all reports and inquiries, both operational and contractually required reports in a timely and accurate manner. Keeps the ICT Manager informed of all Personal Nurse issues and activities within the team. Work with other managers and directors to quickly resolve any matters. Maintain beneficiary privacy, confidentiality and safety, advocacy, adherence to ethical, legal and accreditation / regulatory /contractual standards during this process. · Identifies and facilitates training requirements for Personal Nurses within their team. Assist with recruiting, selection, orientation and training of new Personal Nurses and Engagement Specialists within the ICT. Provides cost and trend analysis direction to Personal Nurses on the team. Develops associates for future growth opportunities by continually coaching them, reviewing quarterly audits and completing performance management plans. · Reviews and evaluates treatment plans to ensure contract standards and compliance in terms of quality, thoroughness, comprehensive documentation and proper distribution. Coordinates with other supervisors on ICT, Humana Behavioral Health on complex or multifaceted cases. Role Essentials · Active Unrestricted RN license in state of employment · Case Management Certification – CCM · 5 years Clinical Experience · Knowledge Interqual · PC skills and mainframe applications and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PP) · Good communication skills both written and verbal · Good organizational skills · U.S. Citizenship is required by our Department of Defense contract Role Desirables · Bachelor’s degree in nursing · 3 years Managed Care experience · Supervisor/Management experience · TriCare experience Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including Humana Military, Community Based Outpatient Clinics, Clinical Resources, and Patient Appointing Services. 