 Technology Business Consultant: 183240 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Role: Technology Business Consultant Assignment: Humana Government Business- IT Location: Office- Louisville, KY In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Provide business consulting to proactively identify and manage business process improvement opportunities. Make use of the work of business analysts, lead and participate in efforts to design innovative and strategic business processes that maximize Information Technology solutions, create sustainable competitive advantage and deliver administrative efficiencies. Provide project and program coordination to guide the implementation of new processes and process modification and assist with change management to minimize disruption and maximize impact. The Business Consultant understands requirements in the broadest context of business problems and opportunities, and recommends solutions that enable innovative delivery of Humana’s brand and value proposition. Our Department of Defense Contract requires U.S. citizenship for this position. Proactively identifies improvement opportunities and helps to identify business opportunities based on industry and competitive trends and analysis of current processes and barriers. Works closely with the user community and formal user groups to elicit project requirements and work with developers to translate those requirements into technical designs. Perform project work breakdown, task creation, scheduling, scope design, risk analysis, quality control, execution monitoring, and lessons learned. Work with user groups and business project managers on project ranking, valuation, and scheduling. Maintain a business orientation, and understand the contribution and impact of systems work on the stakeholders. Leads the design of innovative business processes that support Information Technology solutions, create sustainable competitive advantage and administrative efficiencies. Guides project and program implementation efforts and manages change to assure expected results are achieved. Provides analysis to major projects and improvement efforts. Develops and manages project plans for projects. Assures process documentation meets current and future requirements and supports the successful implementation of business innovation. Provides assistance to less experienced analysts on a broad range of project management and process engineering disciplines to disseminate learning and promote the development of others. Extends professional knowledge and develops skills through departmental training and self-motivated opportunities. Role Essentials Successfully receive interim approval for government security clearance (eQIP - Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing) Bachelor’s Degree, technical area preferred, or technical training equivalent 5 years of business analysis, project, and process management experience Ability to do data analysis using data queries. Familiarity with standard office tools such as Word, Excel, Visio, and Project. May substitute equivalent education and/or experience for degree Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Excellent organization skills. Ability to read and interpret documents such as contracts and operations manuals Ability to develop project plans encompassing input from internal/external leadership. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization Problem solving abilities Self-motivated and task oriented Able to prioritize assignments with little guidance Knowledge of Microsoft Office products Ability to get along with others. Role Desirables PMP, CBAP, or CCP certification Additional Information At Humana, we know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. That’s why we’re committed to making resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. Humana Government Business, Inc. (Humana Government) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortune 100 health and wellness company Humana Inc. Headquartered in Louisville, KY, we have been a Department of Defense TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor since 1995, currently serving more than 3 million beneficiaries in the South Region of the United States. Humana Government Business has the proven experience and capability to manage highly complex, large-scale health care programs throughout the federal government. Humana Government Business is comprised of several lines of business including 