 Technology Applications Architect: 182401 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Technology Application Architect Assignment: Consumer Web Applications – Digital IT (Web, Mobile, Social) Location: 321 W Main Street, Louisville, KY Reporting Relationship: Information Technology Manager Humana is seeking a Technology Application Architect for its Louisville, KY location. You will develop a comprehensive understanding of Humana’s business needs and strategic goals and translate those demands into system architecture and design specifications. You will examine existing technology, interface with internal customers and external vendors, and continually develop technical improvements. Partner with Humana’s internal Applications and Architecture teams to develop an understanding of current implementations of web and mobile application standards, map existing applications to data sources, and identify and help resolve problematic application issues. Map requirements of partner Architecture, define technical solutions based on those requirements, and create and document a migration path for existing applications as they transition to a reference Architecture implementation. Create and manage a technical Digital Architecture future state vision and IT backlog to reflect it. Assist in the creation of IT Product Roadmaps, IT Product Backlogs as well as partner with business and IT stakeholders to develop supporting artifacts and constructing abstraction models. Create design models for web, mobile and data services and presentation components. Technically lead multiple digital agile teams as well as contribute to the development efforts as an enabling member of the team. Role Essentials Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, plus 5 years of progressively responsible, post-bachelor’s related experience, or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field plus 3 years of related experience. Required experience must include 5 years (or 3 years) with a Master’s degree in the following skills: Architecture and application design experience in the development of complex consumer web applications; Working with emergent web and mobile technologies and translating those technologies into delivering value to the business; XML-based technologies and web services including UX, SOAP, UDDI and MSXML; C#, Visual Studio, javascript, CSS, HTML5, AJAX, and JSON; Cutting edge technologies, frameworks and design patterns, including ASP.Net MVC, JQuery, and .Net Core; Design and development of web and business services; Web design patterns and modeling; Performance testing and tuning; Design of web development frameworks and components; and Web Content Management systems, Sitecore. Pre-employment drug screen and background check required. Send detailed technical resume to Humana, Attn: Amanda Millay, Talent Acquisition Specialist, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, KY 40202, or apply online at www.humana.com/careers (Ref. # 182401). EEO. Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 