 Technology Leader: 182437 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role Description: TECHNOLOGY LEADER Location: 323 W. Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky Humana Inc. Summary of Role Humana is seeking a Technology Leader (Tech Lead) for its Louisville, KY location. The Tech Lead is a subject matter expert in system capabilities and system interactions, and delivery methodology for one or more assigned areas. They will work with solution engineering leaders, infrastructure leaders, business technology leaders, and the architect community to understand and advance the strategy they are enabling with their applications and teams. The Tech Lead will work closely with their Manager to ensure solution build timelines are met with the highest quality and to improve delivery methodologies, processes, and team productivity. The Tech Lead will be expected to develop deep-rooted expertise to provide long term knowledge continuity within an assigned area. Principal Duties &amp; Responsibilities Lead the delivery activities within one or more working teams. Determine detailed activity breakdown structures. Assign tasks to resources allocated to their work-streams, if not an Agile team. Accumulate and provide periodic status, communication, and appropriate escalation. Assist engineers with Domain or Technical knowledge gaps. Ensure delivery timelines are being met. Work with Product Owners and Architects to ensure understanding of deliverables as well as to offer input and guidance into solution approaches. Work with managers, architects, business users, and team members to evaluate and provide team estimates for project and work requests. Mentor individuals and teams, working with resource managers on potential coaching situations. Advance the adoption of new techniques, tools, and processes to streamline delivery capabilities. Audit and provide feedback to team members regarding standards adherence, design principles, and expected patterns of work. Qualifications Must have Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field, plus five years of progressively responsible, post bachelor’s related experience in design, development, testing and support of software applications and/or infrastructure or a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field plus three years of related experience in design, development, testing and support of software applications and/or infrastructure. Required experience must include five years (or 3 with a Master’s) in the following areas: · Oracle PDH (Product Data Hub); · Oracle PL/SQL; · Microsoft Office C#; · Microsoft Office SSIS/SSRS; · C Sharp; · SDLC, OO principles and design patterns; · Working in a global sourcing environment working with onshore and offshore team. Pre-employment drug screen and background check required. Send detailed technical resume to Humana, Amanda Millay, Talent Acquisition Specialist, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, KY 40202, or apply online at www.humana.com/careers (Ref. # 182437). EEO At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 