 Technology Architect - BPM DevOps Architect: 182532 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: BPM DevOps Architect Assignment: IT Location: Louisville, KY In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software—to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members. Assignment Capsule Be a part of the Technology team -- be a strategic leader in cutting edge Healthcare technology. Humana is seeking a Technical Architect that will be responsible for the conceptual and technical design and implementation of a single or set of assigned technologies, and for the design of the interfaces and connections through which that technology interacts with the rest of the enterprise. This person is also responsible for the effective integration of their technology into the broader business and IT ecosystem within which it will operate. The Technical Architect is not only called to understand and follow enterprise guidelines and standards in their work; they are also expected to share feedback and learning back out to the enterprise. Thus, the Technical Architect also serves as the technical subject matter expert (SME) for their technology to other architects, and as a feedback loop back into the enterprise architecture portfolio. Primary responsibility include initiation of DevOps for the CAS NextGen Platforms Manage Code Repository Day to Day operational support of continuous integration, release and source control tooling. Work with Software, Infrastructure and DBA’s to solve productivity challenges, drive efficiency ,automate and streamline environment builds Create and Customize APM Dashboards using dynatrace, Assist other Integration Teams in instrumenting Dynatrace Agent Role Essentials · IBM BPM /ODM Administration, Installation, Configuration, and Support. · Expert in Troubleshooting Process Center, Process Server and Deployment Manager, Decision Center, Decision Server · WebSphere Administration, Server Recycle, log archiving · Strong knowledge and experience of Linux and Shell Scripting · Middleware Integration Experience · Experience with Installation and Performance Tuning of highly scalable applications · Experience with Messaging products like IBM MQ · Automation Server Administration and Scripting (Jenkins) · Script Automated Build, Automate Deployment and Automated Testing Technology and Experience · IBM BPM 8.5.6 , IBM BAM 8.5.6, IBM ODM 8.8 , Process Center, Process Server , DB2, ANT/Shell/Python/Jython Scripting , Data Power, Jenkins, Dynatrace, MQ, SuseLinux OS on Zlinux, APIC · 10 years of Progressive Information Technology experience · 4 years of BPM, ODM , Devops Experience Role Desirables Ability to define and resolve problems related to Z / Windows Platform, hardware, software and communication protocols necessary for BPM Technology Stack Work with vendors to resolve product issues Recommend methods and protocols to integrate BPM system with other existing client systems Experience in Configuring Data Power Appliances Bachelors degree Reporting Relationships You will report to a Technology Director. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Information Officer. Additional Information Humana is an organization with careers that change lives—including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you’re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you. At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare. 