 Wellness Finance Consultant: 181382 Primary Location : US-KY-Louisville Work Environment Type: Office Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Role: Wellness Finance Consultant Assignment: Financial Operations - Commercial Location: Louisville, KY Healthcare isn’t just about health anymore. It’s about caring for family, friends, finances, and personal life goals. It’s about living life fully. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates, lead their best lives. We support our associates to be happier, healthier, and more productive in their professional and personal lives. We encourage our people to build relationships that inspire, support, and challenge them. We promote lifelong well-being by giving our associates fresh perspective, new insights, and exciting opportunities to grow their careers. At Humana, we’re seeking innovative people who want to make positive changes in their lives, the lives of our members, and the healthcare industry as a whole. Assignment Capsule Humana is seeking a Finance Consultant who will perform forecasting and analysis of data in the areas of cost accounting, financial reporting and planning, profit improvement initiatives and on various departmental projects, using the results you generate to create financial reports. You will also act as a Finance liaison, partnering with associates from other business areas on special projects. Contribute to the budget, forecast, and financial close process of Humana’s Wellness organization Manage all intercompany transactions between Humana and its Wellness subsidiaries (Go365 and Humana Wellness) Execute/oversee monthly close procedures, including but not limited to, journal entries, expense/revenue/variance analysis, balance sheet reconciliations, financial/membership reporting, ad hoc fulfillment, etc. Serve as a Corporate Finance stakeholder/SME/tester on strategic partnership integration, process optimization, and financial reporting projects Manage departmental activities to ensure accurate and timely accounting statements, financial and statistical reports, filings and data Develop methods and criteria for measuring and summarizing financial data and preparing complex analyses Ensure departmental adherence to corporate guidelines, performance standards and all applicable laws and regulations Key Competencies Accountability: Meets established expectations and takes responsibility for achieving results; encourages others to do the same Collaborates: Engages others by gathering multiple views and being open to diverse perspectives, focusing on a shared purpose that puts Humana's overall success first. Executes for Results: Effectively leverages resources to create exceptional outcomes, embraces change, and constructively resolves barriers and constraints. Interpersonal Effectiveness: Understands oneself, effectively manages emotions, listens and communicates with respect, and builds trusting relationships. Role Essentials 2-5 years prior finance/accounting experience in a fast-paced environment Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or a related field Prior budgeting, forecasting, and financial close process experience Comprehensive knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications Existing knowledge of relational/multi-dimensional databases Strong analytical and organizational skills with a great attention to detail Ability to self-manage and work independently Self-starter that demonstrates strong leadership qualities in difficult situations Proven resourcefulness and ability to find answers/solutions when information is not readily available Strong verbal/written communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively across various levels/functions of the organization Ability to manage special projects Role Desirables Master’s Degree in Business Administration or a related field Certified Public Accountant and/or Certified Management Accountant license Experience/proficiency in Hyperion Planning/Essbase Experience/proficiency in PL/SQL Experience/proficiency in Oracle Business Intelligence Applications (OBIA/OBIEE) Reporting Relationships You will report to a Finance Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer. Additional Information At Humana, we’re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it’s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what’s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Ky., is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships. 